non-climate		Simeduco said that if they do not get response from the authorities, classes in public schools, nationwide, could conclude in late September
non-climate		Doctors of the Salvadoran Social Security Institute (ISSS) maintain a work stoppage in 10 centers nationwide. Among the sites affected are specialties, Atlacatl, Rome, Surgical Medical, Santa Ana, Zacatecoluca, Zacamil and Santa Tecla. The protest action is due to the breach of the agreements signed by the management of ISSS on the wage levels agreed in 2013, the Union of Workers (SIMETRISSS) reported.
non-climate		Workers mayor of San Salvador have blocked the passage leading from south to north of Los Heroes Boulevard, this morning, due to a protest that have been installed in the area malls. SETRAMSS unionists are protesting the suspension of some of his colleagues. Alternate routes are used Avenida Los Andes and North 33rd Avenue.
non-climate		Residents of several communities blocked for several hours this morning vehicular traffic on Alameda Juan Pablo II, between 13 and 17 North Avenue in the Government Center, San Salvador. The people protested what they consider the high cost of living in the country, drug shortages in national hospitals, lack of health care and cases of chikungunya as well as the increase in the basic package, among others.
non-climate		They reiterated their demands to the government and demanded the adoption of a law for the sector
non-climate		They reiterated their demands to the government and demanded the adoption of a law for the sector
non-climate		This morning a work stoppage in the technical area of ΓÇïΓÇïthe hospital was recorded Zacamil. The measure does not affect patients who attend assistance or withdraw medication. According to employees, the measure reflects not been given the freedom to Nora Samayoa a colleague who remains in detention at the police station Suchitoto, since Monday because the accused to imprisonment of the director of the center care of the city of Cuscatl├ín, but indiacron with evidence that the case is not so.
non-climate		Doctors at the Rosales Hospital held another protest, this time, professionals took to the street from the medical center, to express their demands and disagreements. Doctors turn to ask you to dismiss from office the government Ventura and help solve some problems there in the hospital, as a lack of supplies and drugs.
non-climate		Affected people marched to file an appeal
non-climate		There were locks on the highway to Comalapa airport and across from the judicial center in San Salvador. .. In another sector of the capital, motorists also suffered the consequences of a protest that included partial closing of a road traffic. A group of unionists blocked the judicial sector by vehicular lane for Tutunichapa Boulevard, opposite the Judicial Center "Isidro Menendez". The union claimed that the protest was to show their discontent with the First Judge of Instruction Levis Italmir Orellana, who takes the case of former President Francisco Flores.
non-climate		A group of citizens protested outside the Cifco against the Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE) in the absence of results of the elections for mayors and deputies of March 1. Images of Canal 19.
non-climate		The General Union of Health Workers (SIGESAL) based in the National Hospital Zacamil makes a reduction of work in the administrative area of ΓÇïΓÇïthis hospital. The move is in protest against the breach of agreements by the authorities of the health center. Rosario Reyes, general secretary of SIGESAL, said the measure started at 5:30 am in the morning does not affect patient care. About 30 employees of the administrative area would support the extent and in the same Reyes will continue until they are served. ... About 30 employees of the administrative area would support the extent and in the same Reyes will continue until they are served.
non-climate		Doctors of the Salvadoran Social Security Institute (ISSS) maintain a work stoppage in 10 centers nationwide. Among the sites affected are specialties, Atlacatl, Rome, Surgical Medical, Santa Ana, Zacatecoluca, Zacamil and Santa Tecla. The protest action is due to the breach of the agreements signed by the management of ISSS on the wage levels agreed in 2013, the Union of Workers (SIMETRISSS) reported.
non-climate		Traffic has been blocked in the area of ΓÇïΓÇïthe demonstration
non-climate		Thousands of users of the 53-D route, which makes its route between Sonsonate and Nahuizalco, were affected yesterday due to the work stoppage that lasted nearly six hours. Motorists decided not to take the units to work after one of their colleagues was shot by unknown assailants in an alleged theft occurred last Thursday. The victim is hospitalized and in critical condition. Dozens of employees remained at the site of the colony Las Americas in the departmental capital, until past 11:30 am, when they managed to speak with the president of the Society of Carriers Collective Sonsonatecos (SOTRANSCO), Miguel Angel Aguilar.
non-climate		At least 15 suspected Aqueche Institute students attempted to take by force the premises of the Institute for Girls Normal Central America (Inca), Zone 1, during a day of demonstrations against the change of the teaching profession, yesterday morning.
non-climate		About 50 residents blocked the road to Chichicastenango for 5 hours in protest of a bus service along the route. 
non-climate		A Partnership for National Unity (APNU) is calling for the resignation of Home Affairs Minister Clement Rohee in wake of last Tuesday's shooting of 11 persons with rubber bullets by ranks of the Guyana Police Force. It also wants its supporters to implement an economic boycott of businesses to show the party's disappointment in the Statements of Poll (SOPs). 
non-climate		Police and the Guyana Fire Service were last night deployed to Agricola, East Bank Demerara after residents briefly blocked the public road, burning tyres in protest of what they called police discrimination.
non-climate		San Pedro Sula Tiempo.hn reports that several demonstrations snarled traffic in the nation's capital Tegucigalpa yesterday as three separate demonstrations took to the streets. Public secondary school students marched to demand the administration pay the student bonus
non-climate		San Pedro Sula Tiempo.hn reports that several demonstrations snarled traffic in the nation's capital Tegucigalpa yesterday as three separate demonstrations took to the streets. The National Enterprise for Electric Power Workers Union was rejecting the privatization of government services
non-climate		San Pedro Sula Tiempo.hn reports that several demonstrations snarled traffic in the nation's capital Tegucigalpa yesterday as three separate demonstrations took to the streets. The Association for Campesino Development of El Progreso demonstrated to support plans by the National Agrarian Institute to expropriate private lands in favor of campesinos.
non-climate		Students of normal schools of Chiapas took this morning the mayor of San Cristobal and the toll booth of the road connecting the city with Tuxtla Gutierrez to demand the live appearance of the 43 missing normalistas
non-climate		Residents of the Santa Anita in Playas de Rosarito demonstrated against the opinion of the Commission of Government, Legislation and Constitutional Points in which it is stated that the area becomes part of the territory of Ensenada.
non-climate		Custodians of Baja California Sur with blankets demonstrated outside the Ceresos entity to demand the approval of their salaries with those of the state police
non-climate		Dozens of people demonstrated inside the premises of City Hall to demand the delivery of converter boxes after the analog switch that was completed this May 28 in Tijuana.
non-climate		A group of activists marched to the San Ysidro border crossing to demand a program of support for migrants and mass deportations are suspended
non-climate		Over a hundred people blocked for four hours Monday the toll road San Crist├│bal-Tuxtla Gutierrez to demand the construction of a petrol station owned by former mayor and former PRI federal deputy Sergio Lobato Garc├¡a was canceled, because they were less than 30 meters Child Development Center (Cendi) located in the south east of the city.
non-climate		Residents of several communities in the Lacandona jungle yesterday began a blockade to demand the release of eight companions accused of ecocide and demand cancellation of projects from different associations "disguised as environmentalists"
non-climate		The arrest and punishment of those responsible for the murder and disappearance of students from the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, Guerrero, was one of the main demands in the demonstrations that were held in 12 states to commemorate the 46th anniversary of the slaughter in Tlatelolco.
non-climate		Students of normal schools of Chiapas took this morning the mayor of San Cristobal and the toll booth of the road connecting the city with Tuxtla Gutierrez to demand the live appearance of the 43 missing normalistas
non-climate		A group of masked men smashed a convenience store, stole goods in other shops and set fire to a local telephony in the crystal San Cristobal de las Casas in Chiapas square.
non-climate		Yesterday the International Day of Non-Violence Against Women was commemorated with events in which they were revealed abuses of this sector suffers throughout Mexico. Alma Padilla, the Center for Women's Rights in Chiapas, led a forum and a rally which repudiated in San Cristobal de las Casas misogynist violence.
non-climate		Masters of this entity and Chiapas yesterday paralyzed activities in offices, roads, shopping malls and banks to protest education reform.
non-climate		Masters of this entity and Chiapas yesterday paralyzed activities in offices, roads, shopping malls and banks to protest education reform.
non-climate		From an early hour on Monday, hundreds of teachers were placed on the road leading to the "Angel Albino Corzo" International Airport, as part of the agreement reached at a meeting to follow up on its action against the adoption of the education laws.
non-climate		The arrest and punishment of those responsible for the murder and disappearance of students from the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, Guerrero, was one of the main demands in the demonstrations that were held in 12 states to commemorate the 46th anniversary of the slaughter in Tlatelolco.
non-climate		The arrest and punishment of those responsible for the murder and disappearance of students from the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, Guerrero, was one of the main demands in the demonstrations that were held in 12 states to commemorate the 46th anniversary of the slaughter in Tlatelolco.
non-climate		Family, friends and colleagues Yolanda Velazquez Hernandez, a young student killed last week in the town of Escuintla week conducted a blockade on the coastal road from Chiapas to demand the clarification of the murder.
non-climate		on the purpose of requiring the clarification of the crime of Ismael Solorio and his wife Manuela Solis a 'cloud' of barzonistas violently stormed the Palace of Government of Chihuahua and placed a giant manta in the central balcony.
non-climate		Relatives of those arrested for the murder of eight people staged a protest in the Judicial City and demanded that the Chihuahua Attorney investigates the slaughter linkages with organized crime
non-climate		A quarrel between students of the College of Bachelors 4, located in the Coyoac├ín delegation, yesterday left 34 prisoners, six of them for carrying firecrackers.
non-climate		A group of people is manifested in the Avenida de los Insurgentes, causing damages to vehicular traffic in the San Rafael.
non-climate		More than a hundred residents of Tlalpan and Xochimilco demonstrated yesterday against the head offices of the Federal District, Miguel Angel Mancera, blocking for about three hours of the circuit of the Plaza de la Constitution.
non-climate		At least 100 tenants Granaditas market are manifested in Axis 1 North and street Aztecs in Cuauhtemoc, blocking the lanes of this road.
non-climate		For more than four hours, a contingent of about 200 people was manifested in various parts of Mexico City against the presidential elections that took place a year ago, which won the then PRI candidate Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto
non-climate		Inhabitants of the Reserve colony Tronconal rallied and made an encampment in the municipality of Xalapa to report that after the damages left by Tropical Storm Barry, municipal authorities, has not come close to providing any support, whether financial or material.
climate		A group of residents of the Guerrero colony remained blocked Reforma Avenue up to Francisco Gonz├ílez Bocanegra, demanding that the Federal Electricity Commission will repair a fault in a transformer that was presented two days ago when lightning struck him and which they had no light.
non-climate		More than 200 residents of 30 colonies of Iztapalapa picket the Energy Secretariat against overcharging on their electric bills.
non-climate		The family of two brothers a man and a woman seated on charges of organized crime and trafficking, staged a protest outside the Attorney Specialized Investigation of Organized Crime (SEIDO) because they would not accept evidence of his alleged innocence, they reported .
non-climate		The Human Rights Commission of the Federal District (CDHDF) reported that medical staff of that body has assessed the health of Jorge Mario Gonzalez, who holds a hunger strike in the Eastern Male Detention.
non-climate		More than 400 peasants in the state of Puebla, the Sampa and Development Association and Development organizations to the Country and City (Afodecc) arrived at the premises of Secretariat of Agriculture, Livestock, Rural Development, Fisheries and Alimentaci├│nubicadas in avenue Cuauht├⌐moc, the junction with the South Axis 7 Free Municipality for further support to the field.
non-climate		Morena protesters managed to break the fence that protects the Senate on the street in Madrid, which gives access to the main parking where they enter the senators.
non-climate		Children of members of the Independent Francisco Villa Popular Front were placed at the front of the march they made in Tlapan to demand housing.
non-climate		PRD legislators staged a "cycle route" of the Legislative Assembly of the Federal District to the Senate to request that political reform for Mexico City vote in the session that begins.
non-climate		About 250 students from the National Revolutionary Students Federation Rafael Ramirez were encapsulated by members of the SSPDF.
non-climate		About 300 residents of Iztapalapa block the Paseo de la Reforma Avenue up to Insurgentes, to require the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) lower electricity rates because they represent a sector of scarce resources.
non-climate		Company representatives complained that some state and municipal authorities are "are doing circus bullyng" to prohibit or attempt to prevent participation of animals in their shows, so called for the intervention of President Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto and Governor Eruviel ├üvila , to curb an "outrage" that cancels job opportunities for hundreds of people and affects a large number of species.
non-climate		About 150 residents of Topilejo conducted a blockade, protesters demanded the re-charge 90 pesos for the pipe that supplies water to the area and not the 196 they currently charge
non-climate		Residents of Coatlinchan held this Holy Wednesday, Mass Praying in which they called for rain during the growing season, while made an appeal to the authorities of the INAH to return the original part known as Tlaloc, who was taken from the village ago 50 years and it is currently at the National Museum of Anthropology and History.
non-climate		About 40 people take advantage of the red light of the intersection with the North to deliver Axis 1 stickers reading "No more gasolinazo
non-climate		A group of 60 former braceros lay down three lanes on Insurgentes Norte up to Puente de Alvarado against the CEN of the PRI to demand the government of Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto to be paid the compensation due to them for several years.
non-climate		Some 80 merchants in the area of ΓÇïΓÇïMixcalco picket the headquarters of the Federal District, to request relocation formalities after being removed from the street in January to accelerate.
non-climate		n 10 year old boy was discharged from the primary, in the Del Valle, and transferred to another school authorities of the SEP, after being appointed by the director of the first team and parents as an aggressive lower exerted bullying against their peers.
non-climate		n 10 year old boy was discharged from the primary, in the Del Valle, and transferred to another school authorities of the SEP, after being appointed by the director of the first team and parents as an aggressive lower exerted bullying against their peers.
non-climate		Portales neighbors, Del Valle and Insurgentes Mixcoac protested outside the CEN of the PAN against the installation of a statue of Manuel Gomez Morin in Plaza California. Donaji Espinosa, citizen-Mixcoac Insurgentes committee, said that a consultation door to door to raise opinions on the project will be carried borough. Lorena Morales
non-climate		Member organizations of deaf people demonstrated in the Chamber to Juarez to demand access to education for this population sector and the creation of a university specializing in studies of language and signs
non-climate		A group of residents blocked the streets of Prado Churubusco colony protesting the construction of a housing unit in said colony Coyoacan, because they believe that public services will affect more than 40 families.
non-climate		Azcapotzalco neighbors denounced the construction of real estate developments "irregular" in the new colony Santa Maria; Alvaro Obregon was required, inter alia, ratification of the Partial Urban Development Plan of San Angel and Tlalpan is said that in the village of San Lorenzo Huipulco is constructed under the aegis of the standard 26, an apartment building that It aims to sell twice the price allowed.
non-climate		Yesterday, about 500 clowns from different states Country took a picture at the Monument to the Mother and, after 50 minutes of coexistence, began a march through the streets of Colonia Tabacalera. "We circular Mancera want to work, we need a solution!" Cried the clown Llantom, organizer of the Nineteenth Clowns Convention convened the march.
non-climate		This Saturday reuneron in Tlalpan The Bosce hundreds of children and parents who attended the Bosque de Tlalpan expressed their opposition to any kind of aggression in the classroom pricialmente
non-climate		the intersection of the avenues Benjamin Franklin and Patriotism was closed for twenty neighbors of Colonia Escandon who reject a series of rehabilitation.
non-climate		A group of masked youths threw some stones and bottles-some red- paint against the facade of the Attorney General's Office.
non-climate		A group of masked youths threw some stones and bottles-some red- paint against the facade of the Attorney General's Office.
non-climate		Former employees of the defunct confidence Luz y Fuerza del Centro made a rally in front of the headquarters of the Tax Administration Service demanding that their pensions are awarded
non-climate		Around fifty people from 18 members social and union organizations this afternoon demonstrated against the supermarket chain Walmart, in their corporate offices located in Azcapotzalco.
non-climate		Around fifty people from 18 members social and union organizations this afternoon demonstrated against the supermarket chain Walmart, in their corporate offices located in Azcapotzalco.
non-climate		Relatives and parents of young people arrested on Nov. 20, as well as students and members of social organizations, arrived at the premises of the Attorney General's Office (PGR) to demand the release of detainees.
non-climate		Residents of San Bartolo blocked Ameyalco Avenue Poets and passing cars to the Western Superhighway, towards Santa Fe, to demand the release of settlers who were arrested during a clash that occurred last May
non-climate		Level high school students from various schools of the National Polytechnic Institute symbolically closed the headquarters building of the Attorney General's Office to protest the killings of students of the institute and the UNAM that have occurred in recent days.
non-climate		They came from Guerrero to spend Christmas Eve on the outskirts of Los Pinos. Parents of the missing Ayotzinapa normalistas almost three months ago, held a rally in the vicinity of the official residence "because we want to tell President Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto, if there is no Christmas for us, not for him."
non-climate		Residents of various colonies of Iztapalapa made Saturday a march in support of the parents of missing Ayotzinapa normalistas nearly four months ago as part of the activities that take place in several popular area of ΓÇïΓÇïthe capital
non-climate		Residents of various colonies of Iztapalapa made Saturday a march in support of the parents of missing Ayotzinapa normalistas nearly four months ago as part of the activities that take place in several popular area of ΓÇïΓÇïthe capital
non-climate		Students marched from Red Square to the area Zacatenco government for a response to the requirement of the Technical General Assembly (AGP) to engage in a dialogue with the head of the Institute agreed that officials working in these offices out of them. Then, the workers began to leave the building.
non-climate		Residents of Iztapalapa manifest outside the offices of the Water System of Mexico City (SACMex) located in Nezahualcoyotl and Isabel La Catolica in the colony center to demand that the demarcation count with potable water regularly .
non-climate		A group of 300 riders protesting against the building of the offices of the Federal District in the Zocalo. The demonstrators set off in convoy Monument to the Revolution and went to the Public Security Ministry, where they delivered a document calling for an end to the harassment operational and motorcyclists.
non-climate		A group of 18 Honduran migrants held a protest outside the Senate calling for the disappearance of the Southern Border Program, saying that affects their safety en route to the United States. Honduran migrants said there are missing, kidnapped and mutilated by the Mexican authorities undertake persecution against them with the Southern Border Program.
non-climate		Before the announcement of teachers in Coahuila on a demonstration, not because they have fulfilled their labor demands, the building of the State Congress dawned besieged by 50 policemen.
non-climate		More than three thousand students were affected by the suspension of classes in 10 schools of La Laguna, because their teachers marched in Saltillo to protest the reforms in education.
non-climate		Impulse neighboring colonies Community, New Laguna, Bishop and Extension La Fuente blocked a few minutes ago Rodr├¡guez Triana Boulevard, at the height of the South Fire Station.
non-climate		Members 'Meeting Citizens for Water Harrier', demonstrated outside the premises of the dairy company Lala Torre├│n, where they demanded their compliance as a socially responsible company.
non-climate		Villas colonia residents of Zaragoza, Montezuma, New Torreon and San Marcos held a lock on the Diagonal Reforma boulevard, this to pressure the municipal authorities to remedy the lack of public services that have
non-climate		Employees at the North Harnesses, located east of Torreon, held a work stoppage to protest violations of their labor rights.
non-climate		Mothers Antonio Solis Amaro closed the residential colony of North Elementary School, as indicated suspected cases of aggression exercised by the teacher Isabel Salazar.
non-climate		A group of residents organized the colony Vicente Guerrero Torreon, do not allow access to the housing sector Metallurgical trucks Road. Before the collection was 5 pesos and is now 9.
non-climate		A few hours after initiation of international and national observers conducted a tour of the Nahua indigenous community of Zacualpan, municipality of Comala, Colima, which is against mining in the open, a group of community members affiliated with the PRI, Backed by state police blocked access to the community. In a press release, community members reported that supporters of ousted ejido Carlos Guzman Teodoro, with the support of members of the State Patrol 1401 were located at the entrance of the community to prevent the arrival of national and international observers.
non-climate		Street neighbors El Siglo de Torreon Mayagoitia colony of Gomez Palacio, demonstrated against the construction of a cell phone antenna in the area.
non-climate		They say they have been neglected social programs that have been carried out by the federal, state and municipal government, such as roofs and cement floors, storerooms, among others. Demand potable water, drainage and water tanks
non-climate		Landowners affected by the construction of the Durango-Mazatlan highway took the toll booth Coscomate demanding pay their land
non-climate		Students of the Normal School of the State of Durango, carried out a protest at Plaza IV Centenario and quietly, without shouting, placed candles, photographs and captions support Ayotzinapa case.
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Members of the Rural Workers Union of Independent Popular Irapuato "burst" the session of the State Congress and took the audience area of ΓÇïΓÇïthe main hall, amid slogans against the PRI deputy, Felipe de Jesus Orozco Garcia.
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Rallies, marches, protests and work stoppage were recorded from the UNAM and the Ibero, through the UAM and Chapingo, to universities of Tlaxcala, Guanajuato, Michoacan and Zacatecas
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Hundreds of young people marched yesterday to the goblet between prayers and songs in the Youth March 29, organized by the Archdiocese of Leon.
non-climate		Before the suspension of electric service that was recorded in several colonies Leon, affected residents since last Friday went to the offices of the Federal Electricity Commission to expose their anger about changing prepayment system.
non-climate		Hundreds of peasants marched aboard tractors in the premises of the Federal Electricity Commission against five municipalities in the state, to demand a reduction in energy rates.
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Leon, Guanajuato., Sept. 20. We are not all, missing the dead, they chanted some 800 people who participated in the march today for Human Rights of Women and against Femicide held in seven municipalities of Guanajuato to repudiate violence against women.
non-climate		Students, teachers and parents of popular high schools in the municipalities of Atoyac de Alvarez, Tecoapana, San Marcos, Marquelia, Florencio Villareal and Acapulco, blocking federal highways in Costa Chica, Costa Grande and Acapulco.
non-climate		Carriers affiliated with the Confederation of Workers of Mexico (CTM) involved in the construction of the system of public transport passengers Acab├║s, suspended work to require Cemex solvent outstanding payments for three months on account of carrying materials, gravel and sand.
non-climate		A group of about 150 people from a packing mango remain blocked the federal Acapulco-Zihuatanejo highway, from 08:30 hours in the community of "Los Laureles" and demanded the release of four detained by federal forces.
non-climate		Residents of historic neighborhoods protested yesterday in the Committee on Water Supply and Sewerage in the Municipality of Acapulco (CAPAMA) because they ensure that they have two months without water in their homes.
non-climate		Inhabitants of different neighborhoods of the port demonstrated yesterday at the premises of the Commission of Water and Sewerage in the Municipality of Acapulco (Capama) because they take months without drinking water
non-climate		About 50 employees of the Advanced Clinical Primary Health Care (CAAPS) of the Progreso neighborhood, suspended work yesterday morning in the only theater unit, demanding the dismissal of the Director
non-climate		Traders grouped in different organizations, parianeros and providers of tourist services that are neglected beach accuse the government and held a march and demand to be integrated into workfare programs that the federal government deployed in Acapulco.
non-climate		About 500 people affected by the hurricane "Manuel" blocked for more than eight hours from 9 am, both lanes of the Costera Miguel German to demand payment of temporary employment
non-climate		Demand delivery of goods cards. Four months after the storm 'Manuel' And the effects of hurricane 'Ingrid', saying "we have not received anything."
non-climate		Tropicana Restaurant troubadours Dancing Club marched to demand results in demand against the company that went out of business and has not paid to workers with 30 years old
non-climate		More than a hundred people marched and with the PGR, family, friends and colleagues are demanding punishment for murder
non-climate		Fifty displaced inhabitants of the Communal Lands of Cacahuatepec, marched to demand the government's removal of checkpoints and CECOP members of the Community Police in the town of La Concepcion in the rural area of ΓÇïΓÇïAcapulco.
non-climate		At least 100 businesses from different areas lowered their curtains yesterday to protest the lack of security in the port. The president of local restaurants and set the Costera Miguel Aleman, Laura Caballero Rodr├¡guez, launched a call for help to state and municipal authorities to restore security in the port.
non-climate		300 young people marched to City Hall to commemorate the slaughter of October 2, 1968 and the municipal government to demand delivery of support to popular preparatory
non-climate		Require that no more blocks on the highway. Cetegistas claim to be no more violence. Grouped in the coalition of merchants and providers of tourist services, more than 500 people marched on the avenue Costera Miguel Aleman, shouting slogans against normalistas cetegistas and say it is affected by the lack of tourism.
non-climate		The owner of the business "La Morena" Maria Concepcion Ortiz Campos, delegate accused of receiving them, despite the promise of President Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto to revive the economy. More than 250 restaurateurs, grocers and service providers perform intermittent crashes on Costera Miguel Aleman and have taken the federal delegation of the Ministry of Economy, require the delivery of support offered by the Government of the Republic. Since early they blocked the delegation of the Ministry of Economy, which accuse that there is a lack of sensitivity and attention from the federal delegate, ├ülvaro Burgos Barrera.
non-climate		Thirty Copacabana restaurant workers locked from 11:30 a sense of the Costera Miguel Aleman, at the height of the fast track in the tourist area and the beach strip.
non-climate		Residents of the community of Amojileca machines stopped a company that built the road connecting with Chilpancingo, report shoddy work and undue delay.
non-climate		Masters of the State Coordinator of Education Workers of Guerrero of the Costa Grande, took over the installations of the municipality of Atoyac de Alvarez to demand the mayor Ediberto Tabarez Cisneros solidarity with the teachers' movement.
non-climate		Carrizalillo ejido dwellers are threatening to shut down the operation of the Los Filos mine-El Bermejal because eight days after the lease contract hectares representing the largest vein of gold in Latin America, the corporate Gold Corp is completed shows no willingness to renegotiate the cost and the conditions for maintaining the land rent.
non-climate		Inhabitants six neighborhoods north of the city blocked for more than three hours, the Autopista del Sol to demand the construction of a footbridge
non-climate		This was the march for the right to work. Men, women, elderly, youth and children shouted slogans in support of the 132 workers pedicab.
non-climate		200 tomato growers marched and protested outside City Hall to ask the mayor to recover the land where they, for 13 years, harvesting tomatoes sold in the region.
non-climate		Family and friends of five missing professionals in Jaguey community marched in the county seat of Chilapa, require that a search operation that allows retrieval alive is implemented.
non-climate		This Saturday there was a march of movement # YoSoy132 in the main streets of Chilpancingo, to demand openness and democratization of mass media, in which there were no complications
non-climate		For several hours, students of the Ayotzinapa Rural Normal School closed the main entrances to the Government Palace and headquarters of the Ministry of Education of Guerrero, with hundreds of workers and visitors around.
non-climate		At least 2000 activists of the Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Guerrero (APPG) mobilized at different points in Chilpancingo to demand the revision of the Operating Guerrero Seguro (OGS)
non-climate		Activists of the Federation of Socialist Peasant Students of Mexico (FECSM) marched through different points of Chilpancingo, commemorated five years of eviction suffered at the premises of the local Congress.
non-climate		Some 5000 people participated in a march along the Autopista del Sol toward the Government Palace in Guerrero as part of activities marking the anniversary of the eviction of normalistas Ayotzinapa.
non-climate		Municipal police marched to demand that the authorities deliver a bond that is granted each year to celebrate their day.
non-climate		Dissident teachers tollbooth take the Autopista del Sol and retain the speaker of the state government.
non-climate		The Regional Coordinator of Community Authorities expressed support for the dissident teachers, at a rally held in the central square of Chilpancingo. They came unarmed, but warned that if necessary, they will armed to avoid "further acts of repression."
non-climate		The Popular Movement Guerrero (MPG) performs a march toward the premises of the Attorney General of the State (PGJE) to demand the release of two fellow detainees in the last hours and he assures whose whereabouts are unknown so far.
non-climate		Merchants different areas and port areas, they said affected by the construction of Acab├║s marched through the Coast, blocked for at least one hour lanes both ways
non-climate		Applicants and their parents march in Chilpancingo demanding spaces
non-climate		A group of 23 people set up a hunger strike at the official residence Casa Guerrero require sending food to the top of the mountain, where there are at least 500 communities cut off from 140 thousand inhabitants in vulnerable conditions.
non-climate		Owners of dogs of different breeds in Chilpancingo marched to demand that animal abuse is punishable as a crime.
non-climate		It's been 63 days since the onslaught of "Ingrid" and "Manuel" and the families that were affected are still without help. The victims were more than six hours in sit-in socket
non-climate		The Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Guerrero (APPG) partially blocked the Autopista del Sol to claim the attention of more than five thousand victims of the tropical storm Manuel, since four months of natural contingency, yet are uncertain about their relocation.
non-climate		Settlers of the Organization of Villages and Settlements of Guerrero blocked the highway to demand the Sun solution to their demands and introduction of street paving and water drainage among others
non-climate		15 inhabitants of marginalized mountain communities affected by Tropical Storm Manuel, protested to demand the rehabilitation and construction of roads that were fractured.
non-climate		Reporters from different media marched in Chilpancingo to request the live presentation of Gregorio Jimenez, a journalist disappeared in the state of Veracruz since last February 5.
non-climate		Traders and dealers peacefully marched yesterday to demand an audience with the governor and requested a discount for driving on the viaduct Diamante, besides curbing the invasion routes
non-climate		The inhabitants of the colony Cinca, located at the southern exit of Chilpancingo access to closed municipal landfill, trash upset because seven months since receiving the supply of drinking water does.
non-climate		Led by Gumaro Gomez Guerrero, members of the Coordination of neighborhoods and communities affected by the tropical storm reached the curtain of the dam to request that workers stop the routing of metal tend on the main spillway.
non-climate		Students from nine public teacher of Guerrero blocked Autopista del Sol for two hours, demanding the delivery of more than 700 places for graduates.
non-climate		Families affected by tropical storm "Manuel" protested in the streets of this city and Tixtla humanitarian aid and to demand that the authorities speed up reconstruction
non-climate		one of the communities in the mountains of Guerrero affected by the storm Manuel protested in Chilpancingo by the slowness of the reconstruction of their homes because they are still living under canvas roofs.
non-climate		At least 50 reporters Chilpancingo were against gag law passed in Sinaloa, which held a symbolic demonstration outside the premises of the local Congress.
non-climate		35 inhabitants of neighborhoods located north of Chilpancingo blocked for the second time the health center to demand greater personal physician and improvement of equipment and facilities
non-climate		As never before in recent history the walls of the official residence Casa Guerrero were painted with the legend "Living took them, and alive we want," during a rally that parents, teachers, and rural normal made in the context of the two months of attacks in Iguala.
non-climate		Young hooded group Popular Revolutionary Collective (CPR) were installed in sit outside Soriana and Walmart, in this city, demanding the live presentation of the 42 normalistas of Ayoytzinapa. Both supermarkets down the curtains and asked customers to leave.
non-climate		On Tuesday, driven by elderly and disabled civil association incorporated Digna Ochoa, who for all on Tuesday closed the first frame of the city movement was radicalized. Valenzo Juan Villanueva, leader of the AC which incorporates over 400 seniors and people with disabilities, said on Monday decided to lift the blockade over five streets of Chilpancingo by fatigue of the participants. ... On Tuesday morning blocking resumed from 10:00 hours, with the slogan now not retire until occassionally state government representatives.
non-climate		Residents of different streets of Chilpancingo blocked roads to demand its water supply, which was suspended them for more than three months ago.
non-climate		200 Nahua Indians came to City Hall to talk with the president and ask for compliance with the commitments of the financial budget for public works in 2013 and 2014
non-climate		More than 500 residents of Cutzamala, between farmers, mango farmers, fishermen and community authorities, symbolically took Mexhidro facilities "exploitation of our natural resources"
non-climate		More than 500 residents of Cutzamala, between farmers, mango farmers, fishermen and community authorities, symbolically took Mexhidro facilities "exploitation of our natural resources"
non-climate		Parents of missing 43 Ayotzinapa normalistas put up posters in Rancho del Cura, municipality of Iguala, to ask the alleged drug trafficker Mazari Santiago Hernandez, a meeting with him to tell them where their children are and help them to find them. On February 17, Mazari Hernandez, alleged leader of the cartel Warriors States disavowed through narcomantas placed at various points of Morelos, of any responsibility in the disappearance of youth.
non-climate		The Monday morning and Mochitl├ín Quechultenango villagers demanded the withdrawal of community groups operating in the area since 31 January.
non-climate		About 30 residents of the community of Rhodesia in this county were planted in the offices of the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) in this city to demand that the representatives of that company to pay for damage caused by the passage of electrical networks land of more than 150 landowners.
non-climate		200 inhabitants of communities in Tecpan-El Balcon route blocked that road to protest the indifference shown by the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation
non-climate		Teloloapan peasants, led by former mayor Pedro Pablo Uriostegui, met for two days of blockades to demand that his community policing recognition
non-climate		The former mayor of Teloloapan, Pedro Pablo Uriostegui Salgado publicly reappeared to lead a march on the federal road Teloloapan-Arcelia, he claimed the high levels of insecurity that occur in the area and announced the integration of self-defense groups in the municipality.
non-climate		For three hours, students of the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa blocked the federal-Chilpancingo Tlapa road, demanded the rehabilitation of the road leading to their roster, for it presents a significant deterioration.
non-climate		With a march that culminated in the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, inhabitants of this town demanded the live presentation of the 43 missing normalistas and dismissal of the governor Angel Aguirre Rivero.
non-climate		Hundreds of members of the Council of affected communities of Mountain marched in the city of Tlapa to demand their right to food, as well as the relocation and reconstruction of houses
non-climate		Students and professors at the University Pedagogical Nacionalmarcharon to demand the live presentation of the disappeared normalistas and open impeachment Governor
non-climate		Masters of the State Coordinator of Education Workers of Guerrero (CETEG) burned the offices of the local Congress, demanding that the country's president, Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto, this life with 43 student teachers missing. Tuesday in Tlapa, a group of teachers CETEG broke into the offices of the municipal Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and set fire to the premises.
non-climate		Over a hundred people gather at Civic Square Tuxpan to join the march against Federal Electricity Commission by abuse charges, deception in the changes to the digital system for the collection of the service and lack of maintenance teams measurement.
non-climate		A group of at least 80 people, mostly women, took over the city hall of the municipality of Ocampo Huasca protesting the completion of projects in different communities, said the state security coordinator, Donaciano Bayzabal Milln.
non-climate		The Mexican Institute of Social Security (IMSS) in the municipality of Atotonilco de Tula is manifiestaron this morning at the clinic 07 where early construction require a suitable property to provide health care.
non-climate		Residents of the indigenous town Las Pilas, municipality of Huautla, placed a wire mesh and permanently blocked entrances to a coal mine; to prevent further being plundered by the Chiapas Sigma SA de CV. Neighbors posted guards to prevent entry of trucks and workers of the company.
non-climate		Blocking access to demand return them their land or pay compensation
non-climate		A group of 50 militants of Antorcha Campesina demonstrate in front of the premises of the State Security Coordination Office to demand the release of one of their supporters arrested by state police... A spokesman for the organization reported that Andres Vazquez was arrested at about 10:30 am
non-climate		About 300 people, according to estimates of the capital police, demonstrate outside the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation (SCT) to require the agency to carry out rehabilitation and maintenance of roads and roads that connect Ixmiquilpan, Hidalgo, with other municipalities in the state.
non-climate		Merchants and residents of the colony demanded the mayor to cancel the license of construction of the new department store Aurrera, arguing that it will cause prejudice to the public.
non-climate		Merchants and residents of the colony demanded the mayor to cancel the license of construction of the new department store Aurrera, arguing that it will cause prejudice to the public.
non-climate		Among bickering between residents of Cerro de la Cruz and municipal government officials Tlahuelilpan, this morning the election of the new assistant delegate, the responsibility fell to Enrique Cruz was developed.
non-climate		blocking road to Chapala made by neighbors of fractionation Promenade des Agaves, who demanded the municipal government water service
non-climate		Artisans symbolically took the Palacio Municipal de Guadalajara in protest because they have 15 days without work.
non-climate		By "not doing anything" to clean up the river Santiago, passing through the town of El Salto, members of the Citizens' Environmental Defense of the municipality, Committee yesterday held a demonstration and handed a letter that give thank Governor Emilio Gonzalez Marquez, through inaction on the issue.
non-climate		I am a single mom and I need work, please help, Ramiro, I voted for you, "said one of the flea market traders of the Marketplace, who spoke yesterday, seeing out of City Hall the mayor of Guadalajara, Ramiro Hern├índez Garc├¡a who promised to solve the employment situation of street affected.
non-climate		Teachers and students held a rally in downtown Guadalajara. According to the authorities about seven thousand people marched this afternoon by Mayor Avenue, from the normal. In the contingent Normalistas Atequiza and students were UdeG.
non-climate		Ocotlan is incommunicado was the phrase with which the inhabitants of the town, located in the Ci├⌐nega region of Jalisco, explained why not come to school, Guadalajara airport or the same state capital; origin: the blockade for the second consecutive day that made maiceros area who were promised yesterday an agreement to bring back the ton of corn is the pay 100 pesos in 4000 as they ask.
non-climate		He held the seventh commemorative march for the Day of Sign Language and the Deaf, participating members of two associations of state.
non-climate		In each city they require a live appearance of the 42 normal school. In Guadalajara, Jalisco, hundreds of people marched dressed in black and displayed banners with the names of the missing.
non-climate		In the seedling families from Ciudad Guzman, Tequila, autl├ín and Zapopan, who demand a response to the lack of a proper place to build a house involved.
non-climate		Medical residents and interns marched to the Ministry of Health Jalisco to demand the provision of uniforms who applied a year ago
non-climate		The protesters hope that a delegation be received by the authorities to establish a dialogue; They blocked crossing Avenida Alcalde and Hidalgo.
non-climate		Ocotlan is incommunicado was the phrase with which the inhabitants of the town, located in the Ci├⌐nega region of Jalisco, explained why not come to school, Guadalajara airport or the same state capital; origin: the blockade for the second consecutive day that made maiceros area who were promised yesterday an agreement to bring back the ton of corn is the pay 100 pesos in 4000 as they ask.
non-climate		Students of normal schools of Chiapas took this morning the mayor of San Cristobal and the toll booth of the road connecting the city with Tuxtla Gutierrez to demand the live appearance of the 43 missing normalistas
non-climate		Ocotlan is incommunicado was the phrase with which the inhabitants of the town, located in the Ci├⌐nega region of Jalisco, explained why not come to school, Guadalajara airport or the same state capital; origin: the blockade for the second consecutive day that made maiceros area who were promised yesterday an agreement to bring back the ton of corn is the pay 100 pesos in 4000 as they ask.
non-climate		Apatzingan now living under a virtual state of emergency. A dangerous and volatile air hanging over the main city of the Tierra Caliente of Michoac├ín, waiting for a possible incursion of federal troops and the next offensive of the AUC, located practically on its doorstep yesterday in New Italy, within 25 kilometers away.
non-climate		About 500 union members UNTA are demonstrating and demanding social support, customer support and field carriers.
non-climate		It has paralyzed medical units Tuzantla and Zamora, amagaron with increasing intakes if no attention.
non-climate		A group of people for four hours blocking the 21st Century in Michoacan highway to demand the release of members of self-defense groups in the state arrested
non-climate		more than a thousand students in eight colleges of Michoacan are mobilized in different parts of the organization to demand the release of his partner Eduardo Reyes, who was arrested a week ago
non-climate		more than a thousand students in eight colleges of Michoacan are mobilized in different parts of the organization to demand the release of his partner Eduardo Reyes, who was arrested a week ago
non-climate		Students of the Ecole Normale Superieure Nocup├⌐taro blocked the avenue, retained six vehicles and marched towards the center to demand the resignation of the director of this school
non-climate		student teachers of the Normal School of Michoacan march in the historic center of the output requirement of the director
non-climate		Gunmen blocked again yesterday the 21st Century Highway, which runs from Patzcuaro Lazaro Cardenas, using a passenger bus.
non-climate		Retired teachers made good on their threat to choke traffic on the Mexico-Acapulco road. About 1000 mentors obstructed both directions, with others going on foot to the center of the city minutes later to maintain their protest against the non-payment of 25 million pesos that the state government owes them.
non-climate		Similarly, in Morelos, medical interns and members of the City of Cuernavaca workers yesterday staged two protests in Cuernavaca, the first to demand safety and the second payment of their bonus.
non-climate		Residents of Cuernavaca, are demonstrating to demand the reduction of authorized municipal taxes that exceed the thousand percent increase over 2013.
non-climate		At least five groups of merchants, citizens and members of social organizations, demonstrate and block various parts of the city, especially the center of the capital of the state of Morelos.
non-climate		At least five groups of merchants, citizens and members of social organizations, demonstrate and block various parts of the city, especially the center of the capital of the state of Morelos.
non-climate		Hundreds of students and faculty members of the University of the State of Morelos march through campus to demand justice for the murder of Dr. Alejandro Choa and his wife
non-climate		Hundreds of Morelos took to the streets of the capital, to expose a series of demands ranging from public safety to sue nonsense as increasing the passage.
non-climate		Hundreds of Morelos took to the streets of the capital, to expose a series of demands ranging from public safety to sue nonsense as increasing the passage.
non-climate		Hundreds of Morelos took to the streets of the capital, to expose a series of demands ranging from public safety to sue nonsense as increasing the passage.
non-climate		Students of normal schools of Chiapas took this morning the mayor of San Cristobal and the toll booth of the road connecting the city with Tuxtla Gutierrez to demand the live appearance of the 43 missing normalistas
non-climate		Residents of various colonies held a demonstration through the streets of Nezahualcoyotl, to demand greater security to the authorities of the three levels of government, due to increased crime levels
non-climate		Students of normal schools of Chiapas took this morning the mayor of San Cristobal and the toll booth of the road connecting the city with Tuxtla Gutierrez to demand the live appearance of the 43 missing normalistas
non-climate		Azcapotzalco neighbors denounced the construction of real estate developments "irregular" in the new colony Santa Maria; Alvaro Obregon was required, inter alia, ratification of the Partial Urban Development Plan of San Angel and Tlalpan is said that in the village of San Lorenzo Huipulco is constructed under the aegis of the standard 26, an apartment building that It aims to sell twice the price allowed.
non-climate		More than 50 residents of Lake Forest fractionation demonstrated against a building, where they say a bakery projects.
non-climate		Residents of San Pedro Xalostoc, Ecatepec, affected by the explosion of a gas pipe in May last year sued companies responsible for the loss reconsider the amounts were given as compensation, as several of them are still unhappy and warned that it their demands are ongoing appeal.
non-climate		Family and friends of Gabino Gabriel Alvarez Pliego, 22 year old, who studied at the UAEM-Ecatepec, held a rally on the esplanade of the municipal palace of Ecatepec, to demand the clarification of the murder and arrest of the killers.
non-climate		residents of various communities have been several demonstrations and blockades to sue the municipal authorities to supply drinking water
non-climate		residents of various communities have been several demonstrations and blockades to sue the municipal authorities to supply drinking water
non-climate		In the International Women's Day, two were murdered in Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua ... In Ecatepec, state of Mexico, about 200 women attended the dance One billion standing in the municipal esplanade. They said that from 2005 to date nearly a thousand 500 women have been murdered in brutal way in Ecatepec entity and ranks fifth nationally in femicide and the first in the state, according to the National Citizen Femicide Observatory.
non-climate		Dissatisfied by Interlomas Viaduct project that will link with Chamapa-Sale and Naucalpan-Toluca highway, hundreds of neighbors blocked the Jesus del Monte Avenue.
non-climate		the Mexico-Texcoco federal highway was blocked for more than six hours neighbors who oppose the municipal government install an open dump in a residential zone, Six demonstrators were arrested.
non-climate		About 20 residents and businesses downtown Naucalpan and Satellite yesterday joined about 80 franeleros of Florida and Tecamachalco, culminating in a march in demonstration outside City Hall to ask the authorities the removal of parking meters.
non-climate		At least one hundred people in neighborhoods Avenue march on May Day this locality to require the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) fair charges on energy consumption.
non-climate		At least 150 residents and tenants of the popular colony The Molinito, marched through San Esteban street and lateral Periferico Norte, to protest the construction of a traffic junction, due to be raised about their business and for damage caused to a 60 homes, located in the vicinity of the work.
non-climate		Disgruntled neighbors, who are demanding better services marched through the side of the Peripheral and gathered outside the presidential palace.
non-climate		Sunday morning 50 people from where they are 6 fatalities and 15 wounded, marched on the road demanding payment of compensation and improvements to the public transport entity.
non-climate		200 inhabitants of San Francisco Chimalpa marched to City Hall to demand security, because in this population, said, assaults and robberies are constant
non-climate		At least 50 residents stopped vehicle traffic lane intermittently in the Lomas Verdes, Naucalpan municipality, street to demand greater security.
non-climate		With a protest, 300 residents of the Colonia Independencia showed their opposition to the building of 450 apartments that a developer plans to build on the land now occupied by a park, a sports fields and a canyon
non-climate		The company OHL rose early to neighboring circuits of Metallurgical Science and opposition to the construction of a ramp on the second floor in that area Peripheral Satellite
non-climate		Satellite City residents marched again to demand the cancellation of additional works Bicentennial Elevated Viaduct in that area of ΓÇïΓÇïNaucalpan.
non-climate		The works to change the direction of flow of the Street Ignacio Arteaga in Satellite, confronted neighbors and police. Yesterday, representatives of the Association of Settlers and 20 residents Ezeta Bruno Street, parallel to the path where the work is performed, prevented a gang of municipal employees continue work.
non-climate		Residents of the founding peoples of this town, San Lorenzo and La Magdalena Huizachitla, marched on the road Jose Lopez Portillo and stood outside City Hall to demand solutions to the problems of these communities, including management control caciquil water wells, public insecurity and occupation of areas of common use by street vendors.
non-climate		About 200 residents of the communities of Lomas de Coacalco, The Laurel and Potrero de La Laguna blocked the road lanes Lopez Portillo, in both directions, on the border with the municipality of Ecatepec, dissatisfied by the service suspension of water supply drinking.
non-climate		Residents of several villages in the Xochimilco delegation yesterday joined the residents of Santa Maria Nativitas in a march to demand an end to insecurity. Dressed in white and holding banners marched through the main roads of demarcation.
non-climate		Thursday, about 200 residents of 11 colonies marched Tlalnepantla, the Municipal Palace at Satellite Towers, demanding greater vigilance Governor.
non-climate		A hundred residents of the colony former Hacienda de Enmedio, Tlalnepantla, State of Mexico, carried out a demonstration at the constant assaults have been documented in recent days.
non-climate		The march in which about 10 thousand students from the National "Rafael Ramirez Revolutionary Front 'Federation (FENERRR) participated caused traffic chaos on the streets of the capital mexiquense unsettling to drivers circulating in the area at that time.
non-climate		More than 300 parents, students and teachers demonstrated in front of government palace to reject the Education Reform and its secondary legislation and to demand a dialogue table with the governor Eruviel ├üvila.
non-climate		Neighbors six neighborhoods block Via Jose Lopez Portillo, demand the regularization of just over 16,000 lots Regulatory Commission of Land Tenure and ask for the mediation of the state of Mexico.
non-climate		About 150 residents of the village of Santa Maria Cahuac├ín march through central lanes of road Atizap├ín-Nicolas Romero, because they were evicted from a property on 15 October; the protesters said they were squatters and landowners of the land in the area called Salazar.
non-climate		At least 150 drivers of the Alliance of Carriers Autonomous (Triple A), marched with a coffin in tow to demand the intervention of the PRI mayor Abel Dom├¡guez Azuz that addresses the insecurity, after early Wednesday was shot dead one checker in the fractionation Las Plazas.
non-climate		thousand people headed by the president of the municipal committee of the PRD marched down the avenue in Mexico Tepic "defense of oil" under the slogan of "Mexico does not agree," referring to the energy reform.
non-climate		The inhabitants of the colony, located in Apodaca, claim that they are victims of constant assaults.
non-climate		A group of about 100 people held a protest this morning, traveling in convoy on foot from the municipality of Escobedo to Fomerrey facilities located in Monterrey Gonzalitos Avenue, to protest the alleged eviction last night from land of the state agency.
non-climate		This morning residents living within the Huasteca staged a silent protest at the Government House of the municipality, so that someone would give them a solution to their problem.
non-climate		Hands embracing the hope of a child to be is heard accompanied by a few chords on the guitar, "the hands of women who have given birth in the truth."
non-climate		About 200 people gathered on the Esplanade of Heroes to require the authorities to work on improving laws against animal abuse.
non-climate		By having irregularities noted in the change process of soil and because it affects the lifestyle of the area, residents of Los Rodr├¡guez community in Santiago, demanded halt construction of a multifamily building.
non-climate		Residents of eight communities of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, affected by the ammonia leak occurred on August 20 last year, last night detained fifteen vehicles Petroleos Mexicanos, demanding compensation.
non-climate		In the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, students of the Federal Urban Normal School Isthmus blocked streets and conducted pints in streets and revenue collection offices Ixtepec city, as part of their actions.
non-climate		State security forces raided the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and evicted a group of people who kept the road closed and taken the machinery in protest against the construction of the wind industrial park
non-climate		In Oaxaca hundreds of activists from different social organizations, they made the symbolic decision of the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) to protest the hike in electricity rates and against the privatization policy in that sector
non-climate		Masters of this entity and Chiapas yesterday paralyzed activities in offices, roads, shopping malls and banks to protest education reform.
non-climate		Masters of this entity and Chiapas yesterday paralyzed activities in offices, roads, shopping malls and banks to protest education reform.
non-climate		Parents blocked for the second consecutive day Highway 190 Oaxaca-Istmo to require teachers to begin the school year 2013-2014
non-climate		A group of peasants and indigenous people of the Sierra of Oaxaca, closed the Pan American highway in front of the premises of the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation of the entity, demanding the construction of a stretch of highway.
non-climate		200 parents and children from different colonies of the municipalities of Zaachila blocked the federal highway 175 Oaxaca - Puerto Escondido
non-climate		Parents of several elementary schools of the municipal agency of Five Lords made a blockade Monday south of the city to require teachers of Section 22 of the SNTE to return to the classroom.
non-climate		Farmers and landowners are demanding the payment of right of way for the construction of road "Barranca Larga" Oaxaca-Puerto Escondido. They also closed offices of SEDESOL in the state.
non-climate		The road is blocked by a group of villagers from Ames that mayoral control derived from a post-election conflict dispute.
non-climate		A clash over disputed routes between groups mototaxis dealers in the city of Oaxaca left a toll of at least five people injured and two arrested, confirmed the State Public Security Secretariat (SSP)
non-climate		Group of students from the Bilingual Intercultural Normal School of Oaxaca yesterday blocking the facilities of the State Institute of Education to demand the dismissal of 11 teachers who are not native manejanlengua
non-climate		Requiring the state government to cancel illegal concessions and regularize such transport. They closed in both directions with motorcycle taxis. ... The protesters also maintain a blockade outside the offices of the Ministry of Transportation and Highways (SETRAVI which demands an audience with the head of the agency estala Carlos Moreno Alcantara.
non-climate		The so-called Operation Front against Metrobus in Oaxaca, made blockades, protests and road closures in state agencies to demand an audience with the governor Gabino Cue. Wednesday moved in convoy from the Oaxaca-Mexico international highway, making the streets taking in the historic center of the polygon and then move towards the Administrative City. The protesters, members of the Alliance of Multimodal Transport of the State of Oaxaca (ATMEO) require to be taken into account in the proposed construction of Metrobus to be built and put into operation in the metropolitan area and metropolitan area City Oaxaca.
non-climate		Unionized carriers to the National Confederation of Productivity (CNP) block eight points of the city of Oaxaca and neighboring municipalities; the protesters closed the main entrances to the state capital to demand a reordering of motorcycle taxis and operations against pirate units.
non-climate		The mayor of San Jacinto Amilpas Victor Amado Lopez, yesterday led a march to demand the Governor Gabino Cue that gave federal participation resources it deserves.
non-climate		Against education reform and centralization of payment of wages, thousands of teachers affiliated to the National Coordinator of Education Workers (CNTE) were mobilized yesterday in Oaxaca, Guerrero, Chiapas, Michoacan and Mexico City. ... For more than six hours, seven gas stations blocked the teachers in the Oaxacan capital and closed the plant supply Pemex Santa Maria El Tule
non-climate		Taxi drivers blocked for five days access to the town to demand delivery of concessions. They complain that run only 21 taxis, give them permission to serve as state public transport.
non-climate		100 riot police stopped this afternoon to a quota of no more than 70 members of the Poblano Front in Defense of the Homeland, most of them young.
non-climate		A group of residents of the capital of Puebla is manifested outside the Congress to demand a public consultation before privatizing water service
non-climate		The Caravan of Central American mothers looking for their children arrived in the city of Puebla to submit photographs to the citizens in order to obtain information to help them reach their relatives
non-climate		This year, in which 46 met since the massacre of students on October 2 in the Plaza of the Three Cultures, student demonstrations took on a force that had not seen long ago in Puebla.
non-climate		This year, in which 46 met since the massacre of students on October 2 in the Plaza of the Three Cultures, student demonstrations took on a force that had not seen long ago in Puebla.
non-climate		Parents, mostly women, were closed for more than an hour, the federal highway Puebla-Tehuacan, for lack of teachers in the school of San Jeronimo Ocotitl├ín.
non-climate		About 200 merchants closed access to San Martin Texmelucan blocking the federal highway Mexico-Puebla and the municipality elentronque input to protest lack of security and increasing corruption in Transit Corporation.
non-climate		Ejido of San Miguel Tianguistengo, the municipality of Santa Rita Tlahuapan, picket facilities Federal Electricity Commission to demand the recovery of energy reduction of 50 percent.
non-climate		about 300 residents of the municipality of Xoxtla are guarding the well No. 3 local water this morning where Mayor Raul Hernandez Villaf├ín closed liquid supply
non-climate		About 200 residents of the community of Santiago Momoxpan, led by assistant mayor Damian Momox, marching right now on Smiths Avenue, against the mayor of San Pedro Cholula, Dolores Jimenez Parra, not to meet the demands of the population
non-climate		The 50 workers who were dismissed in April of maquiladora Apparel Rahel in the municipality of Altepexi, will manifest and held a sit on Friday, compared with the company Nissin Turkia has in the Santa Cecilia, to demand compensation owed to them .
non-climate		About 200 protesters showed a banner that read: "The Pier Cuemanco requires a prompt solution. Moaning not pirate Fernando Celada ".
non-climate		A group of residents and environmentalists, accompanied by the PRD Senator Luz Maria Beristain, held a protest in Akumal to demand free access to the beach. According to Semarnat, there are only 21 public access to beaches in Quintana Roo.
non-climate		Students, teachers and civic organizations rallied at different points in Quintana Roo, Yucatan while students of the Technological Institute of Merida led demonstrations in Paza Large
non-climate		Atlas rural neighbors watch the site where you want to install an antenna cell phone and shortly before noon, settlers demonstrated and blocked at times demanding Morales Saucito Avenue about Marcos Hernandez.
non-climate		Residents of the seven municipalities located along the Sonora River Thursday blocked two highway sections in the region
non-climate		A protest that included the partial closure of the road, the stretch from Ures to Mazocahui, in the municipality of Ures, was held on Thursday and yesterday, when hundreds of people protested against the effects of pollution from Buenavista miner Copper, owned by Grupo Mexico, in Sonora and Bacanuchi rivers.
non-climate		A protest that included the partial closure of the road, the stretch from Ures to Mazocahui, in the municipality of Ures, was held on Thursday and yesterday, when hundreds of people protested against the effects of pollution from Buenavista miner Copper, owned by Grupo Mexico, in Sonora and Bacanuchi rivers.
non-climate		About 50 people affected by the rains by the cold front number 20 took the Grijalva II Bridge, arguing that the authorities have not fulfilled their demands.
non-climate		Dozens of women marched to the beat Gaviotas colony of cacerolazos the government palace to demand the delivery of resources lost during the floods in December
non-climate		Peasants of Aztl├ín, El Cuy, El Ejido Gonzalez Cork and villages demonstrated yesterday outside the premises of the Secretariat of Government in Tabasco, stop Fonden resources required for the rehabilitation of 32 kilometers of the local road.
non-climate		Residents of the neighborhood Puerto Madero Alegre protested against the Commission of Water and sewage system for leaking sewage affects from three weeks to more than 60 families ago.
non-climate		Family and friends of "The cowherd" went to the Second Criminal Court facilities located in Ciudad Madero to demand justice and responsible for this fact to pay for what he did.
non-climate		Family and friends of "the Cowboy" boy run over in a religious procession in Tancol, demonstrated outside the Court of Ciudad Madero in order to demand justice and the guilty pay with jail, otherwise, intervention of the governor asked, Egidio Torre Cant├║.
non-climate		Workers of various media held a rally called "Journalists Do not shoot" intended to seek further guarantees the work of reporting.
non-climate		A group of 20 people blocking the Reynosa-Pharr bridge demanding that the import process and expedite vehicular nationalization.
non-climate		A group of residents of the colony New Dawn, demonstrated this morning in the small park sector; they stand to be collapsed a huge tree that they have in place approximately 30 years
non-climate		The group of protesters decided in the offices of the PGJE, where they asked agility to the investigations to the charge of theft of a steam crane occurred 1 year ... The protesters, led by Magdaleno P├⌐rez Ju├írez, who serves as president Surveillance General Council of the union, said that the intervention of the governor asked for the case to be resolved.
non-climate		This morning, students from rural normal school "Benito Juarez" Panotla, suspended classes to demand the Secretariat of Public Education (SEP) who has complied with the signed list of demands with authorities to improve conditions of the internship.
non-climate		Rallies, marches, protests and work stoppage were recorded from the UNAM and the Ibero, through the UAM and Chapingo, to universities of Tlaxcala, Guanajuato, Michoacan and Zacatecas
non-climate		A group of young activists called defenders and defenders of human dignity marched through the center of the state capital, demanding the rescue of the Atoyac River, which is a serious source of pollution.
non-climate		Hundreds of workers and masons carriers blocked for more than four hours step on Federal Highway 180, in the community of Marsh South Alvarado, to protest the displacement of local labor Arengal made by the company, operating for Pemex in the installation of a gas extraction plant.
non-climate		At the height of the Chichimantla community, the peasants restricted to vehicles owned by Pemex, to require the agencies to fulfill agreements made only months ago
non-climate		Yesterday, a group of residents blocked the entrance of volts providing the service of garbage collection, as they charged that several days are downloading close to their homes; the municipal agency does not perform work with machinery to compact the trash
non-climate		a group of residents of Green Point picket dependency. In most cases, they complain about the lack of electricity service.
non-climate		For more than four hours was blocked the road Trans├¡stmica residents of the community of Hip├│lito Landeros, the municipality of Acayucan, due to lack of road repairs and the execution of public works.
non-climate		at noon yesterday relatives of the disappeared launched a demonstration to demand a response authorities about the whereabouts of the young
non-climate		Colleagues and neighbors of Juan Miguel Reyes rallied to demand the Unified Command to submit alive the merchant, taken from his home with his family with great violence
non-climate		Each group fighting for their disagreements joined their grievances to the Mayor of C├│rdoba; two protests to complain of the arrogance and cynicism of the trustee council
non-climate		On Monday, a group of inhabitants of that community was manifested at the headquarters of the Ministry of Communications for the work of the main entrance itself was half and was reported as completed and paid for, they say.
non-climate		Workers Panuco water system are manifested by their collective bargaining agreement violation
non-climate		Inhabitants of Teocelo, Veracruz, closed access roads to the main towns in protest at the Ministry of Infrastructure and Public Works does not maintain the roads in the area and found them impassable.
non-climate		Licensees of the State Association of Transportation used trucks to block passing through a bridge linking six divisions and two colonies, in protest at the car service "pirates". Roadblocks multiplied Thursday in Veracruz municipalities, affecting thousands of people unable to travel on closed areas or who had to walk because they were failing to reach their destinations.
non-climate		The oil union in Veracruz reaffirmed its support for energy reform President Enrique Pe├▒a Nieto during the commemoration of the 75th anniversary of the Oil Expropriation. The celebrations of the workers in the port of Veracruz began around eight o'clock a procession of about 2000 people
non-climate		Students from a high school in the city of Veracruz, accompanied by their parents, stopped one road to lobby the relevant authorities that their campus is completed and you can stop taking classes in a kindergarten.
non-climate		Inhabitants of the colony Costa Dorada blocked access to the offices of the housing developer Homex, demanding that the problems are solved have their homes and fractionation
non-climate		Parents took to the streets of Veracruz to demand that teachers return to the classroom after three weeks without classes met.
non-climate		Parents came to protest blocked the avenue Avila Camacho state capital
non-climate		Parents reported the disappearance of Amber student Nayeli Suarez Rivera, 13 days ago in the city by a demonstration on Tuesday.
non-climate		Before the decision of passenger carriers not collect the ticket week late subsidized students and seniors, youths demonstrated blocking Rafal Cuervo Avenue in Xalapa-Veracruz highway.
non-climate		While the residents of the land bank is demonstrating for the damages caused by the rains that covered roads and damaged houses two settlers were killed on the "Southern Arc" avenue.
non-climate		Workers of the Ministry of Health of Veracruz yesterday blocked the center of the capital to demand wage equalization and basification of places.
non-climate		The arrest and punishment of those responsible for the murder and disappearance of students from the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, Guerrero, was one of the main demands in the demonstrations that were held in 12 states to commemorate the 46th anniversary of the slaughter in Tlatelolco.
non-climate		The arrest and punishment of those responsible for the murder and disappearance of students from the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, Guerrero, was one of the main demands in the demonstrations that were held in 12 states to commemorate the 46th anniversary of the slaughter in Tlatelolco.
non-climate		Peasant organizations yesterday held protests demanding the Ministry of Agriculture providing resources for productive projects. In the offices of the City, the agency reported that a group of landowners who arrived Monday violently entered the main concourse way. In Xalapa, they blocked the road to Veracruz.
non-climate		Students, teachers and civic organizations rallied at different points in Quintana Roo, Yucatan while students of the Technological Institute of Merida led demonstrations in Paza Large
non-climate		A legal dispute over land ownership yesterday led to a clash between villagers of Caucel, this Yucatecan town police station.
non-climate		From 8 pm until Tuesday afternoon, residents of Boquillas maintained community blocked access to the mining unit Colonel, blocking workers and administrative staff
non-climate		Rallies, marches, protests and work stoppage were recorded from the UNAM and the Ibero, through the UAM and Chapingo, to universities of Tlaxcala, Guanajuato, Michoacan and Zacatecas
non-climate		800 former military members blocked  the highway into managua for second time in a week demanding social benefits promised by Ortega during the fighting with the resistance movement of the 80's.
non-climate		Residents of Boca del Drago closed road to landfill in protest.  They think the landfill is a threat to their health
non-climate		Some 500 students from St. Joseph School of Malambo, located in Cerro Silvestre Arraijan, protested at the edge of the street in a gesture of solidarity with the children of Bocas del Toro, who are victims of violence. Requested more security for the Panamanian population
non-climate		Residents  block road to protest the bad service they say they receive from public transport between Bejuco and Chame
non-climate		Patients with renal disease block road in protest, demanding proper medical treatment for their condition
non-climate		About 500 people from the neighborhood committees and Santa Librada Coronillo Altos (Cordillera) demonstrated yesterday for the controversial acquisition of the property made the Indert signature St. Augustine.
non-climate		About 170 people related to the fishing activity staged a demonstration, demanding payment of the subsidy for the current ict├¡cola ban.
climate		A group of indigenous ethnicity of chamacocos demonstrated outside the regional office of the National Electricity Administration (ANDE) of this community to protest recurring blackouts that occur in the area.
non-climate		About 20 people who were working on the construction of the local magistrate's future in the Chaco community made as of the date a series of peaceful demonstrations, demanding the payment of their salaries.
non-climate		On Wednesday morning several people demonstrated outside the local treatment plant, demanding that the head of Health Care Regulatory Agency (Erssan), Cristina Mu├▒oz fulfills its promise to intervene this meeting sanitation.
non-climate		Yesterday came forward and asked authorities to be heard. They also want the raft moored by the Coast Guard to be released, because they need to move from side to side
non-climate		The street vendors of Ciudad del Este remain in conflict with municipal officials evicted them from the sidewalks and other public spaces in the downtown, in the work of reorganization, called Plan 30 days. Friday denounced police repression.
non-climate		A group of strangers made damage in several classrooms of the school Paraguayan Soldier, located in the neighborhood Don Bosco, without classes by the teachers' strike
non-climate		Some 281 institutions that house 25,984 students, 4,176 teachers who are responsible, are affected by the strike in the department of Canindey├║.
non-climate		Alleging administrative offenses, the Municipality of Ciudad del Este, Alto Parana, proceeded yesterday to the closing of Shopping Crystal is located on the central promenade between the international route and Monsignor Rodriguez Avenue. A group of workers in the street continues with the mobilization of the international road for an hour every day, demanding the demolition of the Shopping Crystal, because they consider that the deal should be equal for everyone.
non-climate		About 500 workers belonging to different taxi drivers stops, located in the districts of Hernandarias, Ciudad del Este, San Alberto and cross Itakyry, Department of Alto Parana, demonstrated yesterday closing the Itaipu superhighway, for a few minutes in the morning and around noon in protest against the construction of a toll booth by the Ministry of Public Works (MOCP), which awarded the project to the company Aponte Latorre SA.
non-climate		Following the arrest of the alleged killer, neighbors of the victim demonstrated outside the Public Ministry to demand justice.
non-climate		YGUAZ├Ü (Marti Villalba Bogado, correspondent) Small farmers also supported the rejection of the law of the export tax. Itap├║a groups from the district and expressed their opposition to a law that was termed "Producer and tax efficiency." Ache community of Puerto Barra district of Naranjal also joined the opposition to the new law partially approved in Parliament.
non-climate		In Asuncin, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacup and Paraguar, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
non-climate		A group of about 10 people living in the San Pablo neighborhood held a rally and closed Victoria Avenue in Asuncin to demand sewers and local buses.
non-climate		They denounced the policies of ideological persecution in different public entities with dismissals and intimidation, as well as agricultural policies harshly questioned the killing of important peasant leaders and prosecution of the case are accused Curuguaty where 14 peasants.
non-climate		Cateura residents blocked the way to the dump trucks recyclers yesterday morning, for several hours, as leverage the mayor of Asuncion, Arnaldo Samaniego, and to protest against the installation of a municipal industrial park in the area
non-climate		A small group of people demonstrated outside the headquarters of the Public Ministry, calling for an investigation Efrain Alegre and Rafael Filizzola for alleged corruption.
non-climate		A group of citizens gathered Thursday in front of the Pantheon of Heroes to symbolically lay the little Anita, who died last Thursday from complications of heart after years of seeking a donor.
non-climate		A group of women inmates of correctional "Casa El Buen Pastor" burned mattresses yesterday morning, in a second attempt to mutiny after Tuesday night in a similar situation arise. The rapid intervention of police and prison guards prevented the incident was any further
non-climate		Respect for natural resources such as Paraguay river and vegetation, yesterday asked the nautical procession with the statue of Mary Help of Christians. The pastor of the sanctuary, Diogenes Gonzalez, said the tour also recreated the arrival of the protective to Paraguay.
non-climate		With their horses adorned with balloons, about 25 carriteros arrived yesterday to the Municipality of Asuncion to request the provision of containers and avoid the formation of illegal dumps. Workers in this sector are under threat of going prisoners precisely this practice.
non-climate		Traders, frentistas neighbors and closed again yesterday morning R1 6 Boqueron Street, on the corner of Eusebio Ayala, in protest at the decision by the Municipality of Asuncion, converting the said one-way artery.
non-climate		Traders, frentistas neighbors and closed again yesterday morning R1 6 Boqueron Street, on the corner of Eusebio Ayala, in protest at the decision by the Municipality of Asuncion, converting the said one-way artery.
non-climate		Traders, frentistas neighbors and closed again yesterday morning R1 6 Boqueron Street, on the corner of Eusebio Ayala, in protest at the decision by the Municipality of Asuncion, converting the said one-way artery.
non-climate		A group of teachers reached the seats located in front of Congress to demand the project study whereby better retirement conditions are established for the sector. Educators seek even camping on site.
non-climate		Students of the National School of the Capital (CNC) perform a demonstration against the suspension of classes due to the teachers' strike.
non-climate		A small group of people with songs and banners came to the building of the newspaper ABC Color, escrachando people who came to the anniversary celebration.
non-climate		Teachers who were camped outside Congress trampled the security fence and threw stones at the legislative building, on the decision of the House to reject the bill to amend the Teachers' Retirement Act
non-climate		Many cyclists toured tonight downtown Asuncion, in protest against the insecurity that prevails while in the capital and other parts of the country. The demonstrators passed by the Ministry of Interior, which is responsible for establishing security in the country through the National Police.
non-climate		Under the World Day for Prevention of unintended pregnancy in adolescents, youth groups "are Pytyv├┤h├íra" and "young Presence" Encarnacion, organize a fair for the right to information on sexuality, which will be held in Plaza Juan E. O'leary, the capital, from 09.00 to 13.00.
non-climate		About 200 people attended last night about a mass at the Military Vicariate and, after the liturgical act, a silent and peaceful march through the street of Santo Domingo neighborhood of Asuncion, to the Health Park
non-climate		About 200 people attended last night about a mass at the Military Vicariate and, after the liturgical act, a silent and peaceful march through the street of Santo Domingo neighborhood of Asuncion, to the Health Park
non-climate		Patients Nephrology Service Central Hospital of the Social Security Institute (IPS) demonstrated yesterday in the courtyard of the institution, in protest against the lack of inputs. Including some as basic as gloves, syringes and cotton.
non-climate		A figure representing the holder CETRAPAM, Cesar Ruiz Diaz, was cremated by hundreds of people, unionized to the Trade Union Class Current (CSC) and the union of educators, who spoke on Thursday night on the avenue Eusebio Ayala and Drivers of the Chaco in the capital.
non-climate		A figure representing the holder CETRAPAM, Cesar Ruiz Diaz, was cremated by hundreds of people, unionized to the Trade Union Class Current (CSC) and the union of educators, who spoke on Thursday night on the avenue Eusebio Ayala and Drivers of the Chaco in the capital.
non-climate		Ricardo Brugada neighborhood residents began running about 20 minutes ago, police agents covering the demonstration.
non-climate		Residents affected by flooding denounce arbitrary and political favoritism in the delivery of resources. Responsibility for this to the red leader Alcides Flortent├¡n, president of the branch # 45, who also serves as an officer of the Municipality of Asuncion.
non-climate		Residents of the old town of Trinidad, Canisa area, demonstrated yesterday "offended and overwhelmed in their rights." They expressed their outrage against the Municipality of Asuncion and Essap because they authorized the company building contructora Los Patos to connect to the stream Yvyra'i, Dr. France, the drain to the parking building.
non-climate		The Court of Misdemeanors of the Municipality of Fernando de la Mora determined the withdrawal of commercial and industrial refrigerators Guarani patents as well as to disqualify him because of the constant complaints from neighbors. Villagers welcomed the measure, the product of a struggle that has more than 30 years.
non-climate		A group of neighbors said yesterday in the neighborhood Holy Trinity, where requested Pavetti keep the park as a green space. They also rejected the building "Palacio de los Patos", and claimed that harms the Pati├▒o Aquifer.
non-climate		A large number of ba├▒adenses besieged yesterday the Municipality of Asuncion. They burned flags and smashed windows. They got the councilors postponed sine die (without term) effects of Ordinance 390/14, which allowed the sale of land of the marshes to private companies.
non-climate		A group of officials from the bus station in Asuncion demonstrated in the same seat of the municipality of the capital, to protest the concession project in the hands of an Uruguayan company for the next 30 years in exchange for US $ 26 million.
non-climate		Dozens of neighbors Santa Maria, located on the boundary between the cities of Asuncion and Fernando de la Mora, led a demonstration demanding the closure of the slaughterhouse operates within the Refrigerator Guarani.
non-climate		Radiologists Social Security Institute (IPS) demonstrated yesterday due to a series of irregularities that occur in the health services network. They announced that they are not resolved in the week, they will strike.
non-climate		Zeballos Cu├⌐ neighborhood residents protested yesterday in front of the football stadium "Roberto Bettega," to protest the possible installation of a container depot in place.
non-climate		The submission to immediate resignation or impeachment of a member of the Supreme Court demanded the Colorado Victor Nunez yesterday during a demonstration outside the courthouse, nucleated communicators Alert Journalists and officials from various branches of our newspaper.
non-climate		Officials of the department of mental health Neuropsychiatric Hospital at noon yesterday demonstrated by the lack of food for patients. During the mobilization also they rejected the appointment of the psychiatrist Mirtha Rodriguez as the new director of the institution.
non-climate		Residents of the neighborhoods of Asuncion and Fernando de la Mora, demonstrated peacefully against Guarani Refrigerator to prevent further logging trucks after the cancellation of its business license.
non-climate		Called citizens through social networks made a caravan Friday to demand the removal of two articles of the law on road safety intended to suppress the use of stickers, and other items considered "aggressive" in cars.
non-climate		Called citizens through social networks made a caravan Friday to demand the removal of two articles of the law on road safety intended to suppress the use of stickers, and other items considered "aggressive" in cars.
non-climate		Ricardo Benitez, a leader of the community ├æandeva 2nd Trench said that in January had closed the route to the INDI (Paraguayan Indigenous Institute) and INDERT can solve the problem, because there is no respect for their peoples, still making strangers entering deforestation.
non-climate		A group of about 300 people, as well as some councilors of the commune of Mariscal Estigarribia, Chaco, took the municipality, because the mayor who was dismissed for being absent for a month, does not give the key to the building.
non-climate		A group of Indians and some former officials, led by the ousted mayor Eladio Alcaraz (ANR), continued yesterday with the demonstration against the new village head, Oscar Isnardi (ANR). He said that will continue to work in the Commune, where possible, with police protection.
non-climate		A group of Indians and some former officials, led by the ousted mayor Eladio Alcaraz (ANR), continued yesterday with the demonstration against the new village head, Oscar Isnardi (ANR). He said that will continue to work in the Commune, where possible, with police protection.
non-climate		A group of 300 farmers blocked the No. 7 "Gaspar Rodriguez de Francia" intermittently route, demanding funds for social assistance
non-climate		To mark the World Day Against Child Labour, yesterday several activities, which were as the linchpin combat criadazgo, a scourge that affects 47,000 children in Paraguay were developed. In addition, the country 416,426 children and adolescents work.
non-climate		Recall that last Wednesday insured 800 caaguace├▒as marched peacefully through the streets in protest at the suspension of the construction of hospitals in the town and in Coronel Oviedo.
non-climate		A group of peasants in the National Peasant Federation (FNC) demonstrated in front of the courthouse to protest Coronel Oviedo processing 10 of his colleagues in the area of ΓÇïΓÇïSan Joaquin, Caaguaz├║, who oppose spraying soy fields
non-climate		A very special event took place in the district of J. Eulogio Estigarribia (ex Field 9), where neighbors closed a road to protest the dust kicked up by the transporters of soybeans and other vehicles passing through the area.
non-climate		Ach├⌐ natives, belonging to the Arroyo Bandera community, calling for the immediate departure of a group of farmers who entered the property on 11 March.
non-climate		Members OTEP manifest in a property located in Curuguaty IPS, demanding the start of construction of a hospital that will benefit more than 3,000 policyholders in the region.
non-climate		Some 281 institutions that house 25,984 students, 4,176 teachers who are responsible, are affected by the strike in the department of Canindey├║.
non-climate		ocentes, students and parents of elementary school 3255 "Francisco Lopez Rojas" with an impeccable student and military parade commemorated the 22th anniversary of the founding of the school.
non-climate		Farmers in this part of the country as well as they did others in San Pedro, blocked for the second consecutive day yesterday traffic Route X "The Residentas", also demanding the cancellation of their debts to public bodies because of their production losses chia. Launched harsh criticism of the national government.
non-climate		Residents of a neighborhood district Yasy Cany not have electrical service since Sunday, causing losses to businesses and the lack of potable water, they alleged. The burning of a transformer would cause disruption, but so far, ANDE does not reset the service.
non-climate		Residents of different neighborhoods of Salto del Guaira are conducting a demonstration outside the local judiciary against the criminal judge of Guarantees Albert Nelson Villagra.
non-climate		A group of officials from the City of Aregu├í, taxi drivers, canoeists and neighbors, led by city mayor Osvaldo Leiva, intermittent cuts made yesterday on Route II, specifically the diversion to Aregu├í, urging citizens of all municipalities with coast on Lake Ypacarai to take urgent measures to try to save him, or at least mitigate the damage.
non-climate		Residents of the Kennedy and Thompson Capiat├í neighborhoods and residents of J. Augusto Saldivar, demonstrated yesterday outside the headquarters of the Office corresponding to the latter city, which is located at kilometer 20 of Route I.
non-climate		Despite the drizzle, yesterday capiate├▒os group marched from the Km 29 of Route II "Mcal. Estigarribia "until the headquarters of the local prosecutor's office to demand the legal allocation of Mayor Antonio Galeano (ANR) for serious irregularities in the construction of the unfinished city palace.
non-climate		About 500 people in the Emiliano R. Fernandez de Guarambar square last night demonstrated against 12-year sentence of imprisonment imposed Victoriano Ramirez, alias "Astro Boy".
non-climate		The residents of the city of Ita expressed concern about the low level of water that is currently in the lagoon of the town. They note that in recent days drying sharpened.
non-climate		With placards in hand, young Ita group Save the Laguna de Ita, met yesterday in the park of the lagoon, the main attraction of this city, to ask the Ministry of Environment (SEAM) to authorize the implementation of a project it will help alleviate the effects of the drought that is recorded for two months.
non-climate		Residents of the neighborhood Cuatro Vientos company Itapuami of this district protested yesterday against the removal of a building of the area, sand for sale, because they ensure that transporters destroy roads and after each rain remain incommunicado because the units of public transport of passengers can not travel on the road.
non-climate		Residents of Tarumandy, Luque, took to the streets to demand it rehabilitated the road connecting the city with San Bernardino. The protesters explained that the conclusion of the stage was a campaign promise of the Liberals.
non-climate		Relatives, neighbors and friends of a merchant died last March in a traffic accident in Aregu├í conducted yesterday a demonstration outside the zonal Prosecutor Luque and accused the prosecutor Jose Mor├¡nigo to "resist" to impute to the driver of the responsible vehicle because the alleged protection of local politicians
non-climate		Peripheral officials Yrendag├╝e of Mariano Roque Alonso left yesterday Clinic Transchaco close the route as a way to demand that workers continue to perform their functions within the pension.
non-climate		Far from offering a solution to the plight of students who teach sitting on the floor, Minister of Education and Culture, Horacio Galeano Perrone, ordered the suspension of the two principals of San Antonio who made public the situation of educational institutions . His students have desks and must teach in inhuman conditions.
non-climate		In Asuncion, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacup and Paraguar, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
non-climate		A rally from early Friday is performed by neighbors Bogado Island, Luque, and Calle'i, San Lorenzo, who claim to Setama entering a new line of public transport in the area internal route.
non-climate		Repair of wells, expansion of the road and construction of storm sewer on the route that crosses Redoubt and connects with Route 1 ├æemby on the list of demands to the Ministry of Public Works and Communications (MOPC), by the Pyro'y neighborhood commission of San Lorenzo, which began yesterday mobilizations seeking an improvement in the busy road.
non-climate		Colored sectional leaders of Central department said yesterday its support for the administration of President Horacio Cartes. It was during a social meeting in the city of San Lorenzo and became a real political act.
non-climate		Considering the constant claim of a group of settlers from central neighborhood of Villa Elisa who oppose the relocation of the city affected by the coastal strip of Asuncion Mayor yellow leader attended the rally held in the morning to give response to the concerns of taxpayers.
non-climate		The residents of rural communities in the district of Concepcion shut down a pathway leading to Vallem├¡ demanding repair their roads that are impassable state. They made promises of repair.
non-climate		Residents of this town Itagaza Company require the mayor Alberto Ojeda (PLRA) repair the road linking the community to the urban area.
non-climate		In Asuncion, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacup and Paraguar, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
non-climate		To mark the World Day Against Child Labour, yesterday several activities, which were as the linchpin combat criadazgo, a scourge that affects 47,000 children in Paraguay were developed. In addition, the country 416,426 children and adolescents work.
non-climate		To mark the World Day Against Child Labour, yesterday several activities, which were as the linchpin combat criadazgo, a scourge that affects 47,000 children in Paraguay were developed. In addition, the country 416,426 children and adolescents work.
non-climate		Residents and authorities of the city and special guests commemorated the events of Vapor Cue, recorded on August 18, 1869, 145 years ago, during the Paraguayan War (1865-1870). Under an act of remembrance and a civic-military parade they took place.
non-climate		Residents and authorities of the city and special guests commemorated the events of Vapor Cue, recorded on August 18, 1869, 145 years ago, during the Paraguayan War (1865-1870). Under an act of remembrance and a civic-military parade they took place.
non-climate		One hundred parents yesterday prevented conducting classes in school Itacurub├¡ Carlos Antonio Lopez of the Cordillera, in protest at the appointment of several teachers for political reasons, as indicated
non-climate		About 70 people from various companies of this city rallied yesterday against the Commune, requesting the return of the 6 hectares of beach Candu
non-climate		Residents of San Bernardino demanded a quick solution to the problem affecting the lake.
non-climate		Residents of San Bernardino manifest on Route II, demanding the replacement of the water supply, while rejecting the installation of a geriatric hospital on the grounds of IPS which housed the Hotel Casino.
non-climate		Residents of North Bathed demonstrated yesterday in the area known as Cerrito, demanding a municipal area of ΓÇïΓÇï23 ha. that the Commune gave to Essap capital for the construction of a treatment plant.
non-climate		Residents of the community of Laureles, ├æeembuc├║ district staged a noisy demonstration outside the local municipality denouncing embezzlement by the mayor.
non-climate		Pilarense fresh morning graced with the energy of youth that offered a warm tribute to veterans, we celebrate the 78th anniversary of the Peace of Chaco. Around places Mariscal Lopez and heroes, young Scout group Estero Bellaco held with spectacular show that included educational and social institutions of Pilar. The rhythm of the bandalisas, chiroleras groups and majorettes marched in honor of the heroes.
non-climate		Nino Silguero Rodas, sugar cane producers corresponsal.- del Guaira likely announce closing gates Azucarera Paraguaya de Tebicuary to reject the price offered by the factory for the product of agriculture. According to the information handled cane growers, Azucarera Paraguaya announced that starts receiving sugar cane plant to 140 thousand Guarani tonne, 30% lower than the price last year.
non-climate		A significant amount of cane from various points of Guaira demanded better price for their products. The rally occurred yesterday morning at the intersection Tebicuary city district Department of Guaira.
non-climate		In Asuncin, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacup and Paraguar, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
non-climate		A closed social group Friday from noon the San Roque Gonzalez bridge, next to the city of Posadas Argentina, which borders Incarnation. They are claiming thousand jobs.
non-climate		Several groups affected by Yacyret├í yesterday made a demonstration through the streets of the city of Encarnacion closed for several hours and access to the International Bridge San Roque Gonz├ílez de Santa Cruz, claiming to be tired of the broken promises of the binational entity.
non-climate		Youth marched from the Plaza de Armas to the headquarters of the seventh Health Region to demand the effective implementation of the programs of sexual and reproductive health services offered at the regional hospital.
non-climate		From the early hours of today, the residents of two neighborhoods in Ayolas congregate at the entrance of the Yacyreta Binational Entity, demanding the distribution of food. It is the second day of complaints at the site.
non-climate		Residents who are often affected by floods demonstrated against Yacyret├í and local authorities demanding the construction of a coastal defense that protects the city from flooding of the Parana River.
non-climate		The prosecutor Riveros Romy accompanied by a police party went to the place where the landfill is made and ordered to drivers entering the site to carry out excavation work. This caused nuisance to neighbors, who refuse the entry of machines, Graviel Benitez correspondent Ultima Hora reported.
non-climate		Company Loma residents of this district closed the dirt road and prevented the passage of heavy trucks, the dust raised by passing they stated.
non-climate		A group of strangers made damage in several classrooms of the school Paraguayan Soldier, located in the neighborhood Don Bosco, without classes by the teachers' strike
non-climate		With signs such as "We want roads", "No more lies", "We Paraguayans", "We want to repair roads and the bridgehead," protesters gathered at the bridge located on Yabebyry stream to claim once more routes all while allowing them to leave the isolation suffered after each rain. The demonstrators expressed their tired closure where they are in all seasons: in the dry season by the deep sand, while in cycles of rain water to accumulate in the huge jackpots that exist in all the way.
non-climate		Carapegu├í. Residents of the neighborhood Virgen del Carmen, San Jose and San Blas reached the local municipal council to enforce environmental and health laws by tanneries and cane factory
non-climate		San Blas neighborhood residents, San Jos├⌐ and Virgen del Carmen in this community demonstrated outside the tannery Reinsa SA, owned by Carlos Mar├¡a Legal, for violating the Municipal Resolution 496/203, which ordered the stoppage.
non-climate		Residents of the company Potrero District Carapegu├í marched to demand potable water. The Government of Paraguar├¡ built a new artesian well in 2010, but does not work because there were placed about 1,000 meters of pipes for the distribution of water rights.
non-climate		A large group of people from the city of La Colmena came to this community and marched demanding justice for a young man of 23, who had been struck at the last February and died in Medical Emergencies.
non-climate		In Asuncion, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacup and Paraguar, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
non-climate		Toba indigenous partiality Quom Green River, located about 48 kilometers from Asuncion, on the Trans route, reported that the company Constructora Optaciano Verlangieri Claudio Gomez, left them without water for two months.
non-climate		A total of 20 former officials of the government of President Hayes picket the institution demanding payment of back wages and rehiring campus. A pregnant woman was more drastic and chained in place.
non-climate		Peasant Coordinator for Equal Opportunities in San Pedro marched demanding fulfillment of payment of $ 300 to 20,000 peasants, as promised by the Government, and motorcycle owners also claim the decentralization of issuing plates. They marched at the junction of Santan├¡ Guaica, Liberation, Gral. Resqu├¡n, Aguaray Santa Rosa and San Pedro del Ycuamandyy├║. Police deployed a heavy security, preventing the roadblock.
non-climate		Peasant Coordinator for Equal Opportunities in San Pedro marched demanding fulfillment of payment of $ 300 to 20,000 peasants, as promised by the Government, and motorcycle owners also claim the decentralization of issuing plates. They marched at the junction of Santan├¡ Guaica, Liberation, Gral. Resqu├¡n, Aguaray Santa Rosa and San Pedro del Ycuamandyy├║. Police deployed a heavy security, preventing the roadblock.
non-climate		Peasant Coordinator for Equal Opportunities in San Pedro marched demanding fulfillment of payment of $ 300 to 20,000 peasants, as promised by the Government, and motorcycle owners also claim the decentralization of issuing plates. They marched at the junction of Santan├¡ Guaica, Liberation, Gral. Resqu├¡n, Aguaray Santa Rosa and San Pedro del Ycuamandyy├║. Police deployed a heavy security, preventing the roadblock.
non-climate		About a thousand people gathered in the morning on Friday to demand payment of the contributions should receive through the program Tekopor.
non-climate		A group of residents of the colony Vy'a Rend├í Yrybucu├í district, Department of San Pedro, demonstrated with the closure of Route 10 intermittently, calling for a doctor. The demonstration is to demand from the Cuban doctor unhiring Joaquin Silva, who works in the area for 15 years.
non-climate		At least a thousand people are gathered in the Bernardino Caballero San Estanislao, San Pedro Square to protest in the city there is a verification vehicle plant Single Registry of Motor Vehicles (RUA). The verification of the vehicle or motorcycle is a prerequisite to apply for permanent sheet.
non-climate		Nap yesterday, a delegation of the Human Rights Coordinator of Paraguay (Codehupy) visited the detachment of Tacuat├¡ Poty, following who consider amending the 1337 Law of National Defense and Homeland Security of the country "a setback in democratic process ".
non-climate		People from the Lampa province in the Puno region block the main road that leads to the city of Juliaca. Protesters demand an increase in mining royalties. They are also protesting against the pollution of watersheds and the harm on the regions agriculture.
non-climate		A group of unemployed workers of the Municipality of Tacna staged a protest demanding bonus payments.
non-climate		Greenfrozen employees and Frutos del Norte (ex Calagua) demanded the payment of wages October "we earn with dignity" and maintaining the labor supply, both companies then send the entire workforce to unemployment insurance.
non-climate		At kilometer 46 a group of neighbors claim that traffic lights are installed; Long queues of thousands of cars returning to Montevideo
non-climate		Students Lyceum No.1 held a mobilization claiming to have the vacation of September during which broke several glasses study center.
non-climate		Highway Patrol in El Pais reported that 101 to 25,500 kilometer route was "completely cut off" from the afternoon to protest, as they caused serious difficulties in traffic. There, yesterday afternoon, a child died after being hit by a motorist who fled at this hour is wanted by the police. Little was playing soccer with other children while she was in the care of his hermana.En a time when the ball fell to the route, and the lowest was after the ball, a car gray Mercedes Benz with tinted windows and ran the child who died at the scene due to severe wounds.
non-climate		Colinas de Solymar neighbors yesterday demanded more security in the area, burning tires and cutting the Interbalnearia Road at km 25. In the last ten days seven robberies were reported. Were about 40 protesters also burned tires, two trucks crossed the Route Interbalnearia, at kilometer 25, forcing Caminera to divert traffic. The protesters, all residents of the area, claimed by a series of robberies against dealers.
non-climate		A week after the murder of Rodrigo Arellano, who was found dead in a cistern to the funds of a local dance called "La Chacra" in Melo, friends and family organized a march which started from in front of the headquarters, took the street Saravia to Plaza Independencia, he passed by the court and ended in the same place from where he left.
non-climate		President Jose Mujica led today the opening of the pulp mill of Montes del Plata in Conchillas, Cologne. Residents of the area took advantage of the event to claim the government arrangements of Routes 12, 54 and 55, which are affected by the daily truck traffic to and from that company. The rally was held on Route 12 and 55 that is where he spent most of the authorities to Montes del Plata, he told El Pais Miguel Bone one of the neighbors who will participate in the demonstration.
non-climate		With a silent march and nourished the residents of Villa del Carmen marched yesterday to demand justice in the case of the two girls who died suffocated in 2011 and a few days ago that his mother was processed without imprisonment. The prosecutor appealed.
non-climate		At 20 hours Garz├│n's neighbors and surrounding neighborhoods gathered in the street to define whether manifest in protest against the implementation of the corridor Garz├│n. Although there was interrupted transit through the neighborhood meeting, earlier, on Avenida Garz├│n, other locals burned tires and blocked the street for a while.
non-climate		Martin Silva, representative of the organization Fuerza Nueva, told El Pais that his group and other independent activists mobilized "to protest the death of a horse this week, another of those who have died in the city" stressed .Silva the authorities have plans to change things, but do not stop to define a solution. "We do not want to take out their horses to classifiers and they go out of business. A few days ago there was a meeting with the group Stop TAS (Traction blood), but everything is very slow, not take their horses off the streets, "he said.
non-climate		Unions from other Mercosur countries plus Chile, Colombia and Ecuador also make unemployment today against "loss of function" and the "privatization of Customs".
non-climate		A group of 180 artisanal fishermen claim to be financially compensated by the installation of the regasification. They ask for US $ 50,000 each, a figure that assure received other fishery workers already agreed with Gas Sayago.
non-climate		Carriers operating in the port of Montevideo performed a demonstration yesterday with work stoppage in solidarity with workers protest company Autoelevadores Ramirez did not renew the wage agreement. As El Pa├¡s reported earlier today, workers of the company have been negotiating for months with the National Directorate of Labour, but their aspirations were dashed yesterday and decided to take the measure involving the company. Carriers affected to work in the port decided to accompany the demonstration with the stoppage and do not rule out extending the conflict to other transport sectors no solution is found, told El Pais the leader of the Trade Union of Cargo Carriers, Juan Llopart.
non-climate		They reported that three companions were left jobless by union privileges that union leaders did not authorize them
non-climate		At 1600 he started a taxi stop in Montevideo following the general assembly made by the Trade Union of Automobile and telephone metered (Suatt) the dismissal of ten workers of Radiotaxi 141. Suatt dismissed claims that are union leaders and delegates.
non-climate		More than fifty members of the Brazilian Military Brigade (military police) were mobilized to accompany the first "March Binacional for regulating Cannabis" convened by the "Border Movement." The group comprised of "Uruguayan and Brazilian students", said Alvaro Gomez, a spokesman for the organization that promotes the walk that will culminate in Plaza Flores, in the city of Rivera. Shortly after 13:00, that is, one hour before the concentration they arrived at the General Osorio Square - the main city in neighboring Livramento- more mobile and effective riding.
non-climate		Neighbors cut Route 30 last night to demand improvements. This road was where could not pass the ambulance carrying victims of the explosion in Artigas to Montevideo.
non-climate		Faced with repeated episodes of violence from a school for 12 years, they decided to "take the center" and claim the Primary Inspection to take action on the matter. On Thursday, the parents could not enter school, as intended, because there was a police car with three effective inside. Like they decided to demonstrate on the door and resolved that no child attends school until the authorities have answers. Estela Rossano, mother of a student, told El Pais that the troubled teenager "verbally and physically assaulted teachers and children."
non-climate		On Friday morning robbers they boarded a bus to travel 186 line I Cutcsa terminal in Santa Catalina and beat the guard, who had to be referred to a hospital. Following this situation there was unemployment line I Cutcsa, the services concerned are: line 173, 174, 175, 192, 185, 186, 169, L2 and L22. Then they joined the strike workers D line (124, 125, 126, 127, 128, 130, 137 and 195). Meanwhile, Cutcsa reported that "problems related to insecurity lines 124, 125, 126, 127, 128, G, 137, 169, 173, 174, 175, 185, 186, 192, 195, were affected G8 , L2, L22, G1, L1, L4, L5, L6, L15, L26, L35 and L37, which lent an emergency service. "
non-climate		Starting at 6:00 am, residents of the Estrella I and II neighborhoods and the Mampote sector blocked traffic to demand that the Guarenas River be cleared up and that the streets be cleaned.  The river is flooding due to clogged tributaries owing to poor maintenance.
non-climate		A group of residents from the area of Los Cerritos Caucagua, Acevedo are keeping the road to the Pepsi Cola plant blocked to demand better services. This community has problems with transportation, poor roads, power, and water. 
non-climate		After several hours of protest by demanding residential neighborhood, the passage to and from The Junquitowas reopened, whose path had been closed by residents of the nearby neighborhoods of Colinas de Vista Alegre.   About 80 families living in these neighborhoods were affected, either because they lost their homes and were housed in shelters, or because their homes are at high risk.
non-climate		On Monday night a group of people burnt some rubbers that blocked several roads in the island of Margarita, protesting electricity rationing Corpoelec company applying under the guise of "rationing burden." 
non-climate		Dozens of neighborhood residents Alps at kilometer 27 of the Pan American Highway, the road remain closed in both directions to protest the lack of tarmac. 
non-climate		This morning, the lawyer Jose Gregorio Faddul joined the hunger strike for days keep other young students in different cities, to reject the interpretations of the Supreme Court on the Constitution and the presidential inauguration, which have sprained text prepared by the Constituent Assembly.
non-climate		A group of high school students Cruz Salmer├│n Acosta closed the road with desks that crossed the avenue Andr├⌐s Eloy Blanco to demand PDVSA running 12,000,000 bolivars for the rehabilitation of the school that was five years ago affected by the earthquake of 11 August 2008.
non-climate		A group of people in the Las Mercedes invasive of the San Diego-El Rincn, took to burning tires from 6 in the morning to claim the promised decent housing from the municipal authorities Bolivar. 
non-climate		Residents of Cariaco, Ribero municipality of Sucre state, woke up in the streets, trancando access roads, to make him see the national government, who oppose the construction of a prison near the University Polit├⌐cnica.La civic demonstration began at six o'clock and lasted until noon, this action had been announced by the inhabitants of the town, considering that the execution of the work, would affect more than 40,000 personas.Comerciantes, students, councilors, carriers, and community generally from various sectors, they gathered to make this requirement and demonstrate their dissatisfaction with the performance of the government not asked permission or the mayor or the City Council to carry out this proyecto.Miguel Vasquez, one of the present promoters, He explained that it is impossible to build a boarding school in front of a university, located one minute Cariaco.Indic├│ which is also the tourist route that allows you to go to Chacopata, from where the boats to the island of Margarita and that, of course, affect all actividad.Esta is not the first protest, even before the September 13, residents had expressed their discomfort with the prison, which already tierra.Est├ín movement becomes a field in proposing Lebranche sector close the military zone, as an alternative to run the boarding judicial.Tambi├⌐n in the morning, was closed the access road linking Cumana Puerto La Cruz, at the height of the Yaracayal population, whose inhabitants called for improvements in public services and security. This prevented the rectories authorities UDO could not get in the morning, to the University Council for the rescheduling of the semester.
non-climate		Residents of Cariaco, Ribero municipality of Sucre state, woke up in the streets, trancando access roads, to make him see the national government, who oppose the construction of a prison near the University Polit├⌐cnica.La civic demonstration began at six o'clock and lasted until noon, this action had been announced by the inhabitants of the town, considering that the execution of the work, would affect more than 40,000 personas.Comerciantes, students, councilors, carriers, and community generally from various sectors, they gathered to make this requirement and demonstrate their dissatisfaction with the performance of the government not asked permission or the mayor or the City Council to carry out this proyecto.Miguel Vasquez, one of the present promoters, He explained that it is impossible to build a boarding school in front of a university, located one minute Cariaco.Indic├│ which is also the tourist route that allows you to go to Chacopata, from where the boats to the island of Margarita and that, of course, affect all actividad.Esta is not the first protest, even before the September 13, residents had expressed their discomfort with the prison, which already tierra.Est├ín movement becomes a field in proposing Lebranche sector close the military zone, as an alternative to run the boarding judicial.Tambi├⌐n in the morning, was closed the access road linking Cumana Puerto La Cruz, at the height of the Yaracayal population, whose inhabitants called for improvements in public services and security. This prevented the rectories authorities UDO could not get in the morning, to the University Council for the rescheduling of the semester.
non-climate		Residents of Cariaco, Ribero municipality of Sucre state, woke up in the streets, trancando access roads, to make him see the national government, who oppose the construction of a prison near the University Polit├⌐cnica.La civic demonstration began at six o'clock and lasted until noon, this action had been announced by the inhabitants of the town, considering that the execution of the work, would affect more than 40,000 personas.Comerciantes, students, councilors, carriers, and community generally from various sectors, they gathered to make this requirement and demonstrate their dissatisfaction with the performance of the government not asked permission or the mayor or the City Council to carry out this proyecto.Miguel Vasquez, one of the present promoters, He explained that it is impossible to build a boarding school in front of a university, located one minute Cariaco.Indic├│ which is also the tourist route that allows you to go to Chacopata, from where the boats to the island of Margarita and that, of course, affect all actividad.Esta is not the first protest, even before the September 13, residents had expressed their discomfort with the prison, which already tierra.Est├ín movement becomes a field in proposing Lebranche sector close the military zone, as an alternative to run the boarding judicial.Tambi├⌐n in the morning, was closed the access road linking Cumana Puerto La Cruz, at the height of the Yaracayal population, whose inhabitants called for improvements in public services and security. This prevented the rectories authorities UDO could not get in the morning, to the University Council for the rescheduling of the semester.
non-climate		Residents of Cariaco, Ribero municipality of Sucre state, woke up in the streets, trancando access roads, to make him see the national government, who oppose the construction of a prison near the University Polit├⌐cnica.La civic demonstration began at six o'clock and lasted until noon, this action had been announced by the inhabitants of the town, considering that the execution of the work, would affect more than 40,000 personas.Comerciantes, students, councilors, carriers, and community generally from various sectors, they gathered to make this requirement and demonstrate their dissatisfaction with the performance of the government not asked permission or the mayor or the City Council to carry out this proyecto.Miguel Vasquez, one of the present promoters, He explained that it is impossible to build a boarding school in front of a university, located one minute Cariaco.Indic├│ which is also the tourist route that allows you to go to Chacopata, from where the boats to the island of Margarita and that, of course, affect all actividad.Esta is not the first protest, even before the September 13, residents had expressed their discomfort with the prison, which already tierra.Est├ín movement becomes a field in proposing Lebranche sector close the military zone, as an alternative to run the boarding judicial.Tambi├⌐n in the morning, was closed the access road linking Cumana Puerto La Cruz, at the height of the Yaracayal population, whose inhabitants called for improvements in public services and security. This prevented the rectories authorities UDO could not get in the morning, to the University Council for the rescheduling of the semester.
non-climate		Three Barcelona.- protests complicated traffic in northern Anzo├ítegui ayer.En the Los Cerezos (Puerto La Cruz), David Torrealaba explained that before six o'clock closed Paradise Avenue, which leads to Dairy by sewer collapse. He accused the water company to cover the sewer system repairs made to the pipeline last week of whitewater and despite claims not ironed.
non-climate		A number of Central Madeirense supermarket stores had to close down after their workers went on strike in Venezuela. The stores are located in Lara, Aragua, Carabobo and Miranda states.
non-climate		Youth Monument received over a thousand shaman who claimed to defend the motherland up with life
non-climate		Patients with kidney problems protested yesterday at the gates of the Legislative Council of Aragua state to report to the legislature all the problems facing this community tratamientos.Cristian Masud, chief spokesman for the Civil Renal Aragua organization that groups the affected kidney to perform in the state, said that there are 500 phone book entries 2. suffering from kidney for just seven dialysis units operating in the region. "This list does not contain those receiving treatment through the peritoneal dialysis or the they are still on the waiting list, "aclar├│.Al deficit lack of input units is added to receive the full treatment. "The Military Hospital of Maracay Albano Paredes Vivas does not serve the general public, but to members of the military institution," he stated the Masud.Un third service provided by the Central Hospital of Maracay in which only has eight beds for hemodialysis .The other pre hospital units operating in private health centers that serve them to the Institute of Social Security because, according to patients, the agency does not provide this service in Maracay. "In no units or equipment instrumental and manual blood pressure monitors, scales, defibrillator or monitor pressure, "he said Masud.Tambi├⌐n said they do not have transportation, ambulance or hospitalization for conditions resulting from kidney failure, so the treatments are applied so renal patients ambulatoria.Los introduced his complaint to the CLEA and they expected to be attended by Deputy Alberto Mora who chairs the Legislature in the region, but apparently was resting.
non-climate		Just when the decree came into effect mandating the removal of informal economic activities in the town streets Girardot, hawkers in Maracay said yesterday to protestar.El decree ordering the relocation of 1,200 informal workers in the street markets that were built by the Mayor from 5:00 am Girardot.Desde the main avenues were taken by police officers to prevent the peddlers who refuse to take those other places because they believe that local not meet the minimum conditions necessary to be occupied and thus is installed They resist the idea of ΓÇïΓÇïmoving.
non-climate		Two workers Delights Clinical Hospital in Maracay, were injured in a brawl that erupted outside the health center located on Avenida Las Delicias north of the city incident occurred around noon on Wednesday, when Workers closed the street protesting the late cancellation of their benefits sociales.Wilman Romero, spokesman of the employees said the chaotic situation in which is the health center, without inputs and without specialist carrying waging a struggle from which start the year. "We closed because we were promised response from Corposalud and we suck cock, then came an ambulance loaded with three types belonging to the security of the corporation, and two of them were loaded with stones and another group surrounded us They carried banners and beat two, injured an ambulance and are our own colleagues who attacked us ".Posterior this, a team, tried to talk to the delegation of Corposalud handling the case, but it was impossible. Even the protest remains, now the ambulance with rubbers espichados rests outside the clinic. Workers insist they will not withdraw until the visit the health authority. "Governor inspects your people will damage it reacts management" said Carlos Melo, one of the workers affected by the acci├│n.Leer more at: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/actualidad/regiones/protesta-de-trabajadores-de-la-salud-en-aragua-dej.aspx#ixzz2nqBpELSL
non-climate		The increase in robberies that have affected both residents and tourists, as well as the collapse of water pipes in the Playa Grande and Puerto Colombia sector was the trigger for residents of the coastal town of Choroni in Aragua state, They decided to go out and protest on the road leading to that localidad.Vecinos noted that the last three days have been suffering from exposure to the beach nearby sewage, a situation that remains under protest since last weekend. Yesterday they closed the access to vehicles leaving or arriving in Choroni. Tourist activity is paralizada.Claudia Fombona, merchant and innkeeper of Choroni, he reported that seven years ago that made the sewer system and pipe used was not adequate. He said the treatment plant in the village there is barely covers the Puerto Colombia sector and the rest of the communities used septic tanks. He denounced works made to divert the sewage to the hacienda Playa Grande, in his opinion, is the green lung of Choron├¡.Igualmente fishermen and traders they said that insecurity leads to undermine the visit of bathers on weekends. The constant theft both tourists and villagers have increased the presence of foreign criminal gangs will Choron├¡ to commit their crimes, they said the manifestantes.Eli Israel Sosa said that neither the regional government nor the municipality have attended the .
non-climate		Inhabitants of Cogollal sector in Maracay protested against insecurity but also against alleged officials of the municipal police of Mariara that, they say, they attack the community and in recent days killed a resident of the community residents zona.Los it located on the border between Aragua and Carabobo kept closed Maracay-Mariara national highway, demanding for the eight people who have died victims of crime in the past two meses.Ra├║l Camejo, spokesman for the municipal council in the area, reported that He died last Saturday gunned Jose Noguera, president of the motorcycle taxi line serving the community, when suspected police Mariara neighbors came running over and shot the motor was at the bus stop waiting for customers. Ensure that other opportunities have also been victims of polic├¡a.A├▒adi├│ that because Cogollal location near the banks of Lake Valencia, criminals and stolen boats arrive in house.
non-climate		After the murders of lawyers Zorelis Celina Becerra Quintero, 27, on July 8 and Paulo Emilio Uzcategui 50, occurred on Monday this week, the lawyers met in the courts of Barinas, for a significant protest against inseguridad.A 10:00 am, the lawyers were in their robes and being outside the building Macri Avenue January 23, where the courts work caught the attention of people and reported that They were demanding security for all ciudadanos.Los lawyers have marked position on the killings of Becerra and Uzcategui, who have lost their lives in the hands of criminals, in what could be considered a demonstration that there are no guarantees of safety for people living They participated in the protest Barinas.En lawyers recognized as Rombet Camperos, president of the Bar Association of Barinas, Jesus Archila, Janner Bastidas, and Lucia Castillo Argenis Quintero, who also lost her husband the criminal Luis Rodolfo Campos, in the month of January 2009, when criminals will propinaron 11 bullets at a time when he was about to enter his lawyers residencia.Para Barinas homicide cases against practitioners have been alarming, the way in which victims were attacked , which require that safety is a guarantee for them a role within the framework of the law and that also corresponds to the needs of citizens comunes.De according to lawyers, about 10 lawyers in the exercise have been killed during the administration of governor of Barinas, Adan Chavez, which drives them to demand a security plan efectivo.Recientemente the president of the Bar Association of Barinas state, warned that if local authorities do not listen to the proposals of the guild of the legal profession, on the design of a public safety plan and transfer of expert criminologists to solve cases of murdered lawyers in Barinas, the National Bar Association convened a national strike, which would mean taking all Judicial Circuits pa├¡s.Aseguran all law schools in the country are aware of the insecurity that crosses the Barinas state, and believe that these union bodies need to be taken into account in the design of security plans, because have legal knowledge that would help solve the problem of insecurity ciudadana.Para lawyers, none of the security plans designed by the national government in Barinas has worked, and among the victims remember: Amarilis Cano, Julio Rosales Coromoto Burgos, among others, are disappeared such as Johnny Narvaez.
non-climate		The doctors on Tuesday held several protests to commemorate the Day of the Doctor and the profession is becoming riskier.
non-climate		Workers of state-owned Venalum paralyzed 80% of the activities and closed the av. Armed Forces of Puerto Ordaz, as a protest to denounce the "breach of collective agreement" as referred some employees of the company Globovisi├│n.Se├▒alan the company is paralyzed since Monday 23 December. The workers claim they have not complied concepts stipulated in the document that was completed in October discuss. "The Night bonus you are not paying normal wages, or Sundays, or holidays, or travel time. And these are differences that help workers fairly. Nor pay normal wages, profits, holidays and savings" he said one of the workers of the state, Cyril Moya. Moya argues that the protest was not intended to reduce production, as would be guaranteed the minimum to work in the factory conditions. "Today we attend to us right, because we have a collective agreement which was approved by President Nicolas Maduro," said the worker. This protest hindered access to companies and Orinoco Iron, Bauxilum, Venprecar and Gates III of Sidor. Employees say the actions radicalize if not answers. Guayana companies have been affected this year by seriamene labor protests. Sidor accumulated in 2013 a total of 56 days of unemployment between September and December. The differences with the board of the CVG on the calculation of the payment of various labor benefits were the causes of the protest.
non-climate		Guayana.- city of Ciudad Guayana Students have three nights sleeping on Monument Square in Puerto Ordaz CVG and activating the protest early in the morning with closing v├¡as.Este Saturday, the fourth day of peaceful demonstration, the protest He extended to other main roads, which stopped almost all vehicular traffic along Avenida Las Americas, Guyana and Paseo Caroni. The presence of police and military forces to various pathways of young city.The also expanded planned to hold a vigil on Saturday night and called on citizens to march to be held on Sunday. On Monday announced the completion of an activity they called the "bump" During this afternoon, protesters unfurled a banner of 180 meters which served as support for a tour that began on Monument Square and after traveling several streets he returned to his starting point. It released a detained student UpataEl deputy to the Americo De Grazia National Assembly, said through his Twitter account that the student of Animal Production of the National Experimental University of Guayana (UNEG) Upata, Kelvin Martinez, was released after being submitted to the Fifth Court of control.The young man was arrested on Friday amid student protests in Upata, Piar municipality.
non-climate		Guayana.- city of Ciudad Guayana Students have three nights sleeping on Monument Square in Puerto Ordaz CVG and activating the protest early in the morning with closing v├¡as.Este Saturday, the fourth day of peaceful demonstration, the protest He extended to other main roads, which stopped almost all vehicular traffic along Avenida Las Americas, Guyana and Paseo Caroni. The presence of police and military forces to various pathways of young city.The also expanded planned to hold a vigil on Saturday night and called on citizens to march to be held on Sunday. On Monday announced the completion of an activity they called the "bump" During this afternoon, protesters unfurled a banner of 180 meters which served as support for a tour that began on Monument Square and after traveling several streets he returned to his starting point. It released a detained student UpataEl deputy to the Americo De Grazia National Assembly, said through his Twitter account that the student of Animal Production of the National Experimental University of Guayana (UNEG) Upata, Kelvin Martinez, was released after being submitted to the Fifth Court of control.The young man was arrested on Friday amid student protests in Upata, Piar municipality.
non-climate		City Guayana.- of the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) withdrew in the afternoon of Tuesday the sticking point between Los Mangos and developments in Los Olivos where there have been heavy clashes with damage to apartments and vehicles in an attempt -of According to neighbors of the sector to prevent further damage, as occurred in recent weeks. However, the withdrawal of military troops after more than two weeks of active militarization, was seized by protesters who immediately formed barricades in Atl├íntico.Cerca the one o'clock Avenue, radical-armed with mortars and Molotov cocktails - set fire to a double cabin pickup Hylux Compania Anonima Nacional Telefonos de Venezuela (CANTV), state that until the afternoon of Wednesday had not acted to respecto.En Wednesday morning, the metal skeleton of the vehicle who surprised cremated residing in the community, because in fact there were no clashes with the GNB occurred requiring such violent response by the protesters. "I was surprised that car there but what surprises me most is that the street was locked last night with trash from Loefling to the light of Sao Tome Los Olivos. If the whole area was closed and had high rubble, because there were remains of the bus that burned 48 hours ago, how the car was in the middle between Residencias Los Olivos and Los Mangos. There could not move, that creates suspicion, "said a resident of the community, who preferred not identificarse.Los neighbors say as no protest activities in the Churuata, a sector of multifamily buildings nearby where there were barricades several weeks, young people down to Los Mangos "strengthen". Around 10 am, the GNB cleared barricades with crews of the Bolivarian Socialist mayor of Caroni (Alsobocaron├¡) and tankers cleaned the track, which immediately They remained in M├⌐ridaVecinos libre.Barricadas Humboldt urbanization of the city of Merida barricades placed back in the vicinity of their homes after last week's regional government, together with the security forces toppled without the violent events occurred. However, late Tuesday and part of Wednesday morning, Polim├⌐rida effective in motorcycles and patrol came to the Humboldt urbanization to overthrow the new barreras.La action generated clashes between neighbors and Polim├⌐rida, where a young man was reported wounded by pellets and several people asphyxiated by the effect of gases lacrim├│genos.Seg├║n the inhabitants of the area, the police attacked them with tear gas and rubber bullets, while effective tore down the barricade and even took rubble remained in patrullas.Polim├⌐rida alert in place and on Wednesday afternoon, police presence remained in the area, to prevent the re-barricade that sector.
non-climate		City Guayana.- On the eve of the celebration of Labor Day this May, workers in the state CVG Carbonorca began a sit-down protest after the company reported through an internal statement would pay the corresponding fortnight this April 30, the savings bank and bond supply next Wednesday May 9 due to lack of resources suficientes.El general secretary of the Union of CVG Carbonorca (Sutracarbonorca), Emilio Campos, reported that the protest started at three in the afternoon on Tuesday. On the morning of Wednesday, they decided to continue the strike and during the assembly, became state vice president of the Corporacion Venezolana de Guayana, Heber Aguilar, who pledged to streamline pagos.Luego noon, took effect payments Workers of daily payroll, which had two weeks without charge. The monthly payroll still awaited the cancellation of the payroll during the afternoon, but did not know if the desembolso.CVG FMO would materialize paid Bs. 15 million and Venalum Carbonorca contributed Bs. 14 million payroll, savings and vacation Factory carbon anodes, reported Campos.Sin however, explained that there is another problem that affects workers. "To those who are going on vacation they want to take an additional 22 days accrued from overwork in recent months as established by the Labour Act. They are using a loophole to take away these days" .Campos stressed that if the company insists discount the 22 additional vacation days, continue the conflicto.Marchar├ín in CaracasEl secretary general of the Union of Workers of Carbonorca CVG reported that this May will participate in the march held various labor movements in Caracas Trabajador.Adem├ís Day Campos travel activity Sintraferrominera secretary, Ruben Gonzalez, who received full freedom over the past week after a long legal process for participating in protests in the processing of iron ore in 2009. "Our main slogan is not criminalization protest the decision of the Court regarding the release of Ruben Gonzalez takes away doubts about the right to strike and protest, but there are cases such as the dismissal of the oil worker, Ivan Freites, which are still pending, "Campos said. He also maintained that the workers ask the policies to safeguard the purchasing power of workers. "They are applying a 30% increase but the basket according to the Cendas- is Bs. 17 mil.Un worker with a basic salary can not buy a kitchen and a fridge. This increase of 30% does not solve the problem Venezuelans, "aumentoLos workers puntualiz├│.El├⌐ctricos ask the administrative building of the National Electricity Corporation (Corpoelec) in Puerto Ordaz also protested to demand a wage increase after five years without increases. "How long they waited for a fair wage increase and" they wrote in banners.
non-climate		On Monday it emerged that at least 8 people were arrested for alleged civil hooded crossing nearby Los Mangos-Los Olivos, in the city of Puerto Ordaz, Bolivar state.
non-climate		Caracas.- A group of workers of the basic industries of the aluminum industry in the streets today demanded speedy payment of an agreed with the authorities to delay the discussion of collective bargaining bonus. Emilio Campos, secretary general of the Union of Carbonorca CVG, said there is labor unrest by the unavailability of the Executive to cancel commitments. As detailed from April 30 waiting for the bonus payment, after approval of the collective agreement in October 2013. However, at this point neither the bonus nor the approval of the convention have been realized situation affects inform├│.Esta workers of Alcasa, Venalum, Carbonorca Bauxilum and Cabelum. Campos stressed that the delay in the cancellation of the bond due to the red tape that prevents pace of proceedings. In early April the government approved 5.9 billion bolivars for basic industry and aluminum companies have not yet been transferred. In this regard, Jos├⌐ Gil, Minister of Labour and Labour Union Claim Alcasa, this week estimated that resources are distributed. He said that the workers were already reported that the resources are transferred from CVG to each of the aluminum companies. "Nothing we do with out a protest, and they (the workers) know that is pending transfer of resources to the companies," dijo.Gil rejected the sense of protest for political purposes. It was reported that a meeting between representatives of the main companies in the aluminum sector and the president of the CVG is scheduled for today.
non-climate		Guayana.- city of Ciudad Guayana Students have three nights sleeping on Monument Square in Puerto Ordaz CVG and activating the protest early in the morning with closing v├¡as.Este Saturday, the fourth day of peaceful demonstration, the protest He extended to other main roads, which stopped almost all vehicular traffic along Avenida Las Americas, Guyana and Paseo Caroni. The presence of police and military forces to various pathways of young city.The also expanded planned to hold a vigil on Saturday night and called on citizens to march to be held on Sunday. On Monday announced the completion of an activity they called the "bump" During this afternoon, protesters unfurled a banner of 180 meters which served as support for a tour that began on Monument Square and after traveling several streets he returned to his starting point. It released a detained student UpataEl deputy to the Americo De Grazia National Assembly, said through his Twitter account that the student of Animal Production of the National Experimental University of Guayana (UNEG) Upata, Kelvin Martinez, was released after being submitted to the Fifth Court of control.The young man was arrested on Friday amid student protests in Upata, Piar municipality.
non-climate		A number of Central Madeirense supermarket stores had to close down after their workers went on strike in Venezuela. The stores are located in Lara, Aragua, Carabobo and Miranda states.
climate		National Guard troops and local police stepped up surveillance on the streets of Mariara, Carabobo, after residents staged a noisy protest Sunday night to demand the authorities to cease untimely power cuts residents el├⌐ctrica.Los urbanization Mariscal Sucre returned to their homes after burning tires, rubbish and put barricades while complaining about the loss of their home appliances and foods that require refrigeration. They rejected the lousy service CORPOELEC national company, as well as the constant power cuts blackouts night that increase insecurity are added. Shortly before midnight Sunday neighbors led the protest while assigned to the Regional Command troops Number 2 and agents of the Municipal Police Mariara redoubled vigilance to prevent because of the fired spirits potentially affected property and people. Locals complained that the weekend passed without light, but upon returning electric power transformers began to explode.
non-climate		The candidate for mayor of the Municipality of Puerto Cabello, Ylidio Abreu, reported four people injured and a sound truck burned in the violence perpetrated by some 200 backers of the ruling party.
non-climate		Residents of ten different sectors of the city of Puerto Cabello protested Sunday afternoon and Monday morning to complain about the lack of drinking water for more than a week ago.
non-climate		The delay in delivering credentials to the people appointed by the CNE (National Election Commission) to work during the presidential elections this Sunday led to street demonstrations by those affected since they were unable to be present at the setup of the electoral tables that will be used in Valencia.There was a similar protest in front of the voting center located at the Antonio Jose de Sucre Norte Education Unit in the Santa Rosa district.  Here the citizens selected by the CNE to staff the tables complained that they were not allowed to participate in the setup of the tables because they lacked credentials.
non-climate		For the fourth consecutive day students and faculty at UC they conducted street actions in protest to demand a budget commensurate with the needs of the autonomous universities in the nation.
non-climate		For the fourth consecutive day students and faculty at UC they conducted street actions in protest to demand a budget commensurate with the needs of the autonomous universities in the nation.
non-climate		For the fourth consecutive day students and faculty at UC they conducted street actions in protest to demand a budget commensurate with the needs of the autonomous universities in the nation.
non-climate		A group of temporary workers Corpoelec in Carabobo state said yesterday morning outside the headquarters of state power in the Cede├▒o Avenue in Valencia.Explicaron who rejected the mechanism used in the company for those they hire to do the substitutions, they work 45 consecutive days, then stop for 90 days so they can re-integrate into the work. He noted that the situation affects 315 workers eventuales.Los protesters said the measure affects the operation of the company in areas such as distribution, collection, transfer, disconnection and reconnection between otros.Herles Contreras, executive secretary of the Electrical Union in Carabobo, he said This new legislation was established from 1 September for the Coordination of Human Talent led Arturo Suarez and that would be part of an optimization plan for state power. "Many of the temporary workers are doing the job change a guaya or when a transformer burned, "said dijo.Contreras sometimes eventuality for which these workers are hired not last 45 days, but 20 or 30 days, but also have to wait three months to hire again .Dijo that if the measure continue to implement measures throughout the country because the situation is repeated elsewhere in the pa├¡s.A├▒adi├│ also the new guideline could result in a short time "an electrical chaos" because it does not count with enough workers to cover the substitutions on holiday or for illness of permanent worker.
non-climate		Trade union leaders from more than 16 trade associations of state-owned CORPOELEC began yesterday at 8:00 in the morning a vigil that will last until today to draw attention to the difficulties they face in their daily work and their claims salariales.Los union representatives met at the headquarters of Corpoelec in Tower 4, Cede├▒o Avenue in Valencia. With banners and slogans reflected their requests: provision of adequate supplies to do their jobs; signing of collective contracts expired more than two years and who do not receive salary increase from three a├▒os.Indicaron ago while performing the vigil workers remained in their jobs for 100% guarantee the operation of the company and the continuity the servicio.Se├▒alaron they expect both President Nicolas Maduro and Minister Jesse Chacon listen to their requests to find the best solutions and next week will be touring the state by state offices to check particular situations.
non-climate		At least ten tanks and more than a hundred officers of the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) assigned to Regional Command number two (Core 2) were displaced on Friday night to urbanization El Trigal Center Valencia to contain the protesters and to initiate investigations related to the death of a soldier.
non-climate		Officials Valencia.- Carabobo Police arrested a young student who manifested in the street Apolo Ma├▒ongo avenue of urbanization El Trigal Norte Tuesday morning abril.Aproximadamente 01 at 9:00 am the soldiers arrived at the site protest, opposite the mall Patio Trigal to disperse protesting neighbors and amidst the fray with tear gas were carried Arturo Ramirez Marino of 19 years.The people protesting were repelled by the regional police with tear gas and bird shot. The detainee was taken to the command Policarabobo in said urbanization and released minutes later at the demand of the neighbors surrounding the dawn sede.Al The Cornfield neighbors blocked the main avenue of urbanization and the situation led to the mobilization immediate of anti riot police commissions with equipment to disperse the protest. The soldiers entered the adjacent site of the protest mall and toured their instalaciones.Los commercial establishments closed against possible vandalism.
non-climate		Officials Valencia.- Carabobo Police arrested a young student who manifested in the street Apolo Ma├▒ongo avenue of urbanization El Trigal Norte Tuesday morning abril.Aproximadamente 01 at 9:00 am the soldiers arrived at the site protest, opposite the mall Patio Trigal to disperse protesting neighbors and amidst the fray with tear gas were carried Arturo Ramirez Marino of 19 years.The people protesting were repelled by the regional police with tear gas and bird shot. The detainee was taken to the command Policarabobo in said urbanization and released minutes later at the demand of the neighbors surrounding the dawn sede.Al The Cornfield neighbors blocked the main avenue of urbanization and the situation led to the mobilization immediate of anti riot police commissions with equipment to disperse the protest. The soldiers entered the adjacent site of the protest mall and toured their instalaciones.Los commercial establishments closed against possible vandalism.
non-climate		A group of young and neighbors decided to lock the Autopista del Este in the city of Valencia in protest for a fourth day against the national government.
non-climate		A group of young and neighbors decided to lock the Autopista del Este in the city of Valencia in protest for a fourth day against the national government.
non-climate		A group of young and neighbors decided to lock the Autopista del Este in the city of Valencia in protest for a fourth day against the national government.
non-climate		A group of young and neighbors decided to lock the Autopista del Este in the city of Valencia in protest for a fourth day against the national government.
non-climate		Valencia.- At least a dozen protesters were injured by shooting pellet and an unknown number of people asphyxiated by tear gas action was the result of repression Carabobo Police and the National Guard (GNB) to a peaceful march that started from minutes before the North Bolivar Avenue of this city with the slogan "For the independence of Venezuela and Carabobo after battling for 193 years" .The opposition rally was scheduled for Tuesday June 24 at the corner of the 137 North Street with Bolivar Avenue (where the store is Tijerazo), and from there departed, after noon, northbound to take the Eastern Freeway and in this way to the center of the Carabobo capital to the Plaza Bolivar was the completion point actividad.Los the demonstrators had barely advanced a few meters when they met with anti riot Policarabobo than expected in income to El Trigal located high on the highway, in the San Jos├⌐ de Tarbes picket. The uniforms attacked without contemplation against the people among whom children, some of whom were affected by the gas were. The protesters took shelter in nearby buildings and injured by volunteer paramedics were Backpacks Green group. Also two armored GNB and patrols Policarabobo were stationed in the road distributor El Trigal while groups of protesters returned to Bolivar Avenue which closed in both directions, up from Camoruco mall, placing garbage bags and other waste v├¡a.Otro middle of the group of people decided to continue the walk to Andres Eloy Blanco Avenue, opposite the Shopping Center where protesters remain concentrados.Entre university students, members of civil society and the head of "Victims were Against Repression. "
non-climate		Valencia.- At least a dozen protesters were injured by shooting pellet and an unknown number of people asphyxiated by tear gas action was the result of repression Carabobo Police and the National Guard (GNB) to a peaceful march that started from minutes before the North Bolivar Avenue of this city with the slogan "For the independence of Venezuela and Carabobo after battling for 193 years" .The opposition rally was scheduled for Tuesday June 24 at the corner of the 137 North Street with Bolivar Avenue (where the store is Tijerazo), and from there departed, after noon, northbound to take the Eastern Freeway and in this way to the center of the Carabobo capital to the Plaza Bolivar was the completion point actividad.Los the demonstrators had barely advanced a few meters when they met with anti riot Policarabobo than expected in income to El Trigal located high on the highway, in the San Jos├⌐ de Tarbes picket. The uniforms attacked without contemplation against the people among whom children, some of whom were affected by the gas were. The protesters took shelter in nearby buildings and injured by volunteer paramedics were Backpacks Green group. Also two armored GNB and patrols Policarabobo were stationed in the road distributor El Trigal while groups of protesters returned to Bolivar Avenue which closed in both directions, up from Camoruco mall, placing garbage bags and other waste v├¡a.Otro middle of the group of people decided to continue the walk to Andres Eloy Blanco Avenue, opposite the Shopping Center where protesters remain concentrados.Entre university students, members of civil society and the head of "Victims were Against Repression. "
non-climate		Venezuelan social activists staged a rally this Saturday in support of Palestines recent bid for statehood at the United Nations (UN). Both Venezuelan nationals and the countrys Palestinian community gathered outside the UN headquarters in Caracas to request, as a people, the just, legitimate and urgent recognition of the Palestinian people.
non-climate		Avenida Francisco de Miranda Reopened to Traffic after Protest over Lack of SecurityTaxi drivers blocked the accesses to Macaracuay, El Llanito and Petare, causing severe congestion in the area.Users of the social network Twitter report that the demonstration, which was prompted by the death of another taxi driver, caused severe congestion in the area.
non-climate		The President of the Union of Monagas state, Ramon Espinoza, announced that 100 workers began a hunger huega as "PDVSA has turned a blind eye to the debt owed to the workers." Espinoza reported that 6,000 workers are affected by "the violation of the collective agreement, which says that in a week must be paid 911 bs. And charged 600". He added that for 20 days started the dialogue, but not attended.
non-climate		The lack of response from the municipal and regional authorities on the installation of the pipe network of sewage in the community of El Effort, Independence municipality, sparked a protest yesterday nine hours, from 4 am, when residents blocked the road The national Raisa.
non-climate		A group of workers from a work of Housing Mission Bolivar Avenue protested for nonpayment. They noted that the company owes them 123 Cariven four months of benefits to workers who left the building and those who keep them working is not canceled their wages for fifteen days.
non-climate		Neighbors say they will continue taking actions that the CICPC street to find the alleged rapist and murderer, Wilmer MaestreLos locals organized to lock the street that leads to the community, attracting the attention of law enforcement officials and to demand justice.
non-climate		Through its official account on the social network Twitter the party Un Nuevo Tiempo (UNT) reported that at noon officials of the National Police (PN) allegedly learned and beat three students trying chained at the headquarters of the Programme United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Caracas.
non-climate		That is an invasion of any country where you are, said Maria Angelica Martinez, a resident of the area. Martinez explained that the area was the subject of a family ta dispu until 2011, when Joao de Sousa, representing 2010 Investment Versailles, CA, citizen acquired with the intention of building a pharmacy, clinic and diagnostic Parking. The Mayor of Libertador has paralyzed project. First they said the planes were ill and is now only awaiting the delivery of a permit. Yesterday at noon, so I we 10 members of the pioneers were in place, which is very close to the headquarters of the National Guard. The people of Paradise have collected signatures to request the eviction and expect arrange a meeting with the head of Core 5, General Antonio Benavides, for the same purpose. People want devel rrollen the health project, said a neighbor who declined to give his name.
non-climate		A group of mothers of leukemia patients at Children's Hospital JM de los Rios protested yesterday in the hematology department of the medical center to demand the resumption of chemotherapy treatments that fail for a month. Sonia Blanco, one of the affected mother said four drugs for patients with leukemia, among other ailments missing. "The hospital director, Hun├¡ades Urbina said the problem with these drugs is a national and is not intended to solve. We also reported that the hospital is not preparing chemotherapies because a machine was damaged and a leak in one of the rooms, "four missing expres├│.Los drugs are methotrexate, cytarabine, mercaptopurine and thioguanine and are expensive. White explained that several months ago children with critical condition were treated with drugs donated by foundations, but these also depleted inventories. "Here's a dad in Colombia had to buy 10 bottles of medication for your child, in dollars. Not everyone has what it pay, "he said. Agreements. During the meeting, the director of child welfare center reported a temporary agreement established with the Hospital de Clinicas Caracas for the management of cancer therapies, due to damage public hospital equipment. Every day, about 30 children treated for leukemia and other cancers in the blood, in the children's hospital located in San Bernardino.
non-climate		We are homeless shelter SEBIN (Bolivarian Intelligence Service) of The Helix, we want to talk to its director, Gen. Miguel Eduardo Rodriguez Torres (godfather), because we have 28 months waiting homes and still do not have documents Award shouted Jessica Arevalo and another group of women and children in the street Oropeza Castillo Plaza Venezuela. 24 affected families went on permanent vigil in the Plaza Venezuela SEBIN because his godfather avoided despite announce address them as you would at noon yesterday. "We will sleep there with our families to get our homes," Arevalo said. The victims protest was initiated after 11 am in Plaza Venezuela, and lasted for at least an hour. At two in the afternoon closed for the second time hit the street Oropeza Castillo after being shipped by Rodriguez, but were evicted from the road to death and pushed by the National Police.
non-climate		A disagreement between owners, breeders and trainers with amansadores per share to be canceled for dressage, training paralyzed two years specimens housed at the racetrack La Rinconada.Los amansadores require an increase of 50% for the training of each equine, increase horse owners consider exaggerated, since 3000 bolivars are canceled by each animal domado.M├ís 300 individuals born in 2011 who have entered the stables of Caracas oval have not started the period of tame, which causes an increase in spending on maintenance and reprogramming of racing for the second half of a├▒o.├ëxitos. The rider Johan Aranguren, head of statistics in La Rinconada with 24 wins against 19 having Emisael Jaramillo got the 1,000th victory for life last Wednesday with the horse Steelers Valencia.De Oval according to Hipicomputo2000 page Jaime Casas, Aranguren, 32 years old, sum laurels 1003 and its main aspiration is to win the Classic Simon Bol├¡var.Pago. Representatives of the equestrian associations that work on national courses demanded them to the National Institute of cancellation Riding 16 million bolivars owed them caballos.Los unionists owners Santa Rita, Valencia and La Rinconada are willing to declare national strike of equestrian activities if the school fails.
climate		Caracas, for the third consecutive night, took to the streets, pot in hand, to protest the refusal of the National Electoral Council (CNE) to conduct the recount vote by vote of the recently held presidential elections, where the candidate of Unity, Henrique Capriles, reported about 3,500 irregular cases that affect more than one million votes. Pots, old caps, spoons, shovels, light poles, empty cans, anything that make noise, served to raise the voice of protest and express rejection of the quick proclamation of the official candidate, Nicolas Maduro, by the president of the CNE Tibisay Lucena.Las pans were heard in Petare, Los Ruices, La Urbina, El Marques, Chaguaramos, Macaracuay, Santa Monica, Chacao, Valle Abajo, El Valle, Car, Caricuao, Las Acacias, Campo Rico, Los Rosales. Curumo summits, Santa Fe and El Cafetal. All ripped promptly at 8:00 pm. Some took to the streets and placed in the sidewalks. Others preferred to stay from sales and blow his protest.
non-climate		Caracas, for the third consecutive night, took to the streets, pot in hand, to protest the refusal of the National Electoral Council (CNE) to conduct the recount vote by vote of the recently held presidential elections, where the candidate of the Democratic Unity Henrique Capriles, reported about 3,500 irregular cases that affect more than one million votes. Pots, old caps, spoons, shovels, light poles, empty cans, anything that make noise, served to raise the voice of protest and express rejection of the quick proclamation of oficialista.Las candidate pans were heard in Petare, Los Ruices, La Urbina, El Marques, Chaguaramos, Macaracuay, Santa Monica, Chacao, Valle Abajo, El Valle, Car, Caricuao, Las Acacias, Campo Rico, Los Rosales. Curumo summits, Santa Fe and El Cafetal, Colinas de Bello Monte, La Pastora, La Carlota, among other areas. Some took to the streets and placed in the sidewalks. Others preferred to stay from sales and blow his protest. This day was marked by the rise of white helium balloons minutes that were flying through the sky capital.
non-climate		Employees of public universities around the country gathered yesterday near the Ministry of Labour to demand inclusion in the dialogue table convened by the Government in order to discuss the new labor regulations governing the labor, administrative and teaching sector higher education. Representatives of several groups of university employees gathered in the afternoon at the gates of the ministry to demand entry to spokesmen for the Federation of Administrative Workers of Higher Education of Venezuela, the National Federation of University Professionals of Venezuela and Federation of University Teachers Venezuela. The president of the National Union of Workers of the Central University of Venezuela, Eduardo Sanchez, rejected that argument and ignore the said groupings clerks outside tables dialogue represent 86% of this guild. As these federations are with the government are allowed to discuss a collective agreement that we deny them. Let us seek out, denounced the president of the National Federation of University Professionals Professional Roles in the Administration of Universities of Venezuela, Rodriguez Benedicta. The ministry called us fo r we entered the meeting as federated union. We said that we accepted the invitation, but while our federations do not recognize this conflict is not over, said the union leader, who announced a 24-hour strike today in administration of all public universities. Sanchez said the new project seeking to defend collective bargaining, which are owed since 2010. Given the delay, requesting a salary increase of at least 90%. Carabobo is mobilized. The pre-President of the Association of Professors of the University of Carabobo, Jesus Villarreal, announced to participate in the national march scheduled for tomorrow, which will depart from the rector of the UCV, demanding decent wages and fair for college budgets. He said buses will leave from the rector of the UC, in the Bolivar Avenue Valencia, and the campus of La Morita in Aragua to move to Caracas. In a meeting held yesterday at the headquarters of the Insurance Institute of teachers UC, Villarreal said it is the government that is closing the doors of the national universities. With that chronic deficit policy of neglect of infrastructure, precarious wages, unfair and extended budget, virtually it created a sort of technical failure, said the union leader.
non-climate		From the early hours of Wednesday a group of women remained closed step towards Urdaneta Avenue, at the height of Miraflores. The protesters were stationed on the road while members of the Bolivarian National Police guarded the area. The concentration caused slow traffic in the vicinity. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/parroquias/protesta-mantiene-cerrado-paso-a-la-urdaneta.aspx#ixzz2XBxsO18c
non-climate		After several hours in which demonstrations and burning tires in the Francisco de Miranda Avenue, members of the municipal police of Chacao managed to agree with the students, who performed their claims for universities to be reopened were presented the attack paso.Un violent Plaza Venezuela was claimed by young people, who consider their legitimate right to demand that the government always situations arise with rebel groups to try to amedrentarlos.Cinco hours lasted about burning tires and then gave way to the circulation vehicles, reported the mayor of Chacao, Emilio Grater├│n: .The Avenue Uslar Pietri. "Polichacao up demonstration affecting traffic in Chacao With much respect and dialogue are achieved" also remains available to alleviate the large number of cars for rush hour, they could not travel on the main artery vial.J├│venes houses of study in conflict, the Central University of Venezuela (UCV), Universidad Simon Bolivar (USB) and Libertador Pedagogical University (UPEL) made their claims on a public street.
non-climate		Metrobus USERS MAKE A PROTEST In the morning yesterday some people who were in the service of Metrobus stop that goes to El Hatillo and the Trinity in Plaza Altamira held a peaceful protest against the shortcomings of this service. And it is that users complained that there are few units that route and to reach the stop hours it takes, thus calling for service improvements.
non-climate		The national organizing secretary of Primero Justicia, Edinson Ferrer, led the protest Wednesday "no more violence" during this activity is also president of the Metropolitan Council rejected the high homicide rates presented in August and so far in September In this sense demanded that the Minister of Interior and Justice and the national government to take effective measures to combat insecurity in the country measures. "We are in several Metro stations in Caracas and in the streets protesting, because we have seen how the national government has again lied to the country by promising a safer country, the government says that the killings ended, but unfortunately we see during the month of September there has been a high number of murders. "
non-climate		About 60 people perform a closure of the Francisco de Miranda Avenue in Chacao, at the height of the Ministry of Housing, to request the delivery of resources to individual buildings, outstanding loans, or other approvals from the authorities. Chacao police explained that already reported the situation to the Deputy Minister of Police Integrated System (Visipol), which must decide what to send police force to rid the roads. Einer Giuliani, deputy police chief of Chacao, said that the protest is led by people who constantly exert their claims on the door of ministry and decide Avenue bar the group when they feel they are not being escuchados.Giulliani said the traffic municipality is collapsed, because the fact is added at the end of the avenue up to Centro Plaza. Twitter users commented on the matter:carolafandr: Chacao trancado vehicular traffic due to protest in Fco Miranda @ pichi_ale: Av. Francisco de Miranda EO great parking Ccs @ vicramcg: Av. Miranda FCO locked from the center lido sense chacao take alternate routes.
non-climate		A Caracas neighborhood protest for lack of water has collapsed the Fajardo highway in La Urbina called straight, connecting with the Cota Mil highway that crosses the city.The protesters said they are residents of the neighborhood of Petare July 5 and the protest due to the shortage of drinking water that have suffered in recent meses.Seg├║n traffic reports on Twitter, tail in the direction towards the east, in the Francisco Fajardo, begins in Los Ruices, and is also being felt in the Petare-Guarenas highway and short Boyac├í.En Avenue more information itself.
non-climate		The protest by a group of families benefited by the Housing Mission began around 8:00 am and after 11:00 amManifestaban up for lack of elevators; for leaks and cracks in houses that awarded them by the Government, and because it's not yet have equipado.Se stationed for three hours on Libertador Avenue in West direction, blocking the Plaza Venezuela at the intersection of the Las Palmas. It was also restricted access to the Este.Los protesters barricaded.
non-climate		The entrances to the Venezuela Central University for Square were closed from before 6 am on Tuesday for medical students and doctors of the University Hospital, and then gathered with banners near the source of the activity entrada.El It is the rejection of the attacks of those who have been victims of medical doctors within enclosures hospitalarios.El Kevin Campos resident reported that he was assaulted and stabbed to steal in Doctor Miguel Perez Carreno Hospital; which it occurred the week pasada.Los medical university and marched to Plaza Venezuela and about 8:20 am up action after shouting slogans of repudiation against such events.
non-climate		Students are also accompanied by political representatives and workers.
non-climate		The victim by the name of Hector Junior Montilla (42), who was with a group of neighbors in the Distributor's Yaguara participating in the activity, "The Wall of the Fallen", which neighbors did pints to peace and back when he climbed the stairs of the mall, where he has his business, a subject called him by his name, and shot apunt'├│. He was taken to the Loire Clinic Paradise and is stable. NM
non-climate		Empty at least 20 medications to control diabetes, epilepsy, HIV, cancer, among other diseases, boxes served to denounce the danger to people who depend on a drug to improve their quality of life or sobrevivir.Un group of people, mostly relatives of a patient affected, concentrated in Plaza Venezuela to protest the shortage of medicines affecting the country. "My mother was about to die because they lacked medicine. We are calling for a law, we have two basic problems on the one hand they are very expensive drugs and other problem is that there are none, "said Jose Ricardo Thomas, one of the organizers of the initiative organized by networks participants carried crosses sociales.Los paper with the name of at least 20 diseases for which treatments are not achieved. They also referred to the crisis by the lack of laboratory reagents and medical equipment in the centers of public and private health. "At the University Hospital of Caracas doctors did sucking with water containers of 5 liters to treat patients" said Desiree Zambrano, pharmacist and participant protesta.Crearon a list of patients to exchange information on where to find drugs. They announced that they will join the march called by the medical profession for March 10. They invited to follow the Twitter accountimpacientesVzla to exchange ideas to alleviate the crisis.
non-climate		Caracas Several groups of demonstrators are partially trancando the Prados del Este highway at Northern Santa Fe at various points, meaning the Trinity, which is generating strong congestionamiento.Hacia Center is also reduced mobility. There closures up to the Concresa mall, Centro Italo-Venezuelan, distributor Santa Fe and Santa Rosa de Lima.Recomiendan avoid taking the Prados del Este, as the demonstrations have virtually stopped traffic. Subsequently, about 12 pm, the highway was completely locked in both directions.
non-climate		├ÜN.- A group of residents of the municipality Sucre, affects the opposition party Primero Justicia, are in the main avenue of Lebrun handing out flyers that inform drivers of their dissatisfaction with the pay rise of 30 bs daily, shortages and insecurity .
non-climate		Joints condominium buildings in the lower part of Los Palos Grandes have designed a strategy to distribute the little water that comes in the wake of the crisis of the service has worsened in recent months, as revealed by Domenico Helmeyer spokesman Common Council. He said that on average receive water daily hours neighbors about 100 buildings that are located at the bottom, there live some 7000 people who are most affected. "We are suffering as a double ration of water, because we have the schedule that is applying Hidrocapital, which is not met and the concierges also ration water because it does not reach the street" indic├│.Mar├¡a Gouveia, one of the concierge buildings revealed that for three months and had rationing "not officially" water in this sector and since that date is already being implemented in the building, depending on whether water reaches the street. "We will put at least 15 minutes in the morning to 15 noon and 15 at night," he said. While there are other condos where neighbors are responsible for making maneuvering in the water tanks to distribute the entire building. Rafael Villarroel, a resident of another building, member of the condominium board, said at the weekend that does not work the desk, takes over the distribution of water is rationed and an hour in the morning, one at noon and one hour at night. By way of protest residents they have placed posters in some corners where complain about service deficiencies.
climate		Caracas In the morning of Tuesday, a contingent of the National Guard was in Plaza Las Americas in the south of the capital, repelling a protest it takes place outside the headquarters of Corpoelec located in the center comercial.Grupos protesting rejection of neighbors who have suffered blackouts in recent days.
non-climate		Neighbors organized Caracas protested outside the headquarters of the Ministry of Interior and Justice, to order the cessation of violence plaguing the parishes of Altagracia, La Candelaria and El Recreo. Carlos Julio Rojas, coordinator of the Front for the Defense of the North of Caracas, was at the protest and gave statements to the media. "Today is Altagracia parish anniversary. Monday is the anniversary of La Candelaria. However, we have nothing to celebrate, "Rojas said. "In less than two months, there have been six murders here in La Candelaria. Traders are insecure, and when they see an officer of a security of the state, do not know whether to be happy or terrified because we have cases of charges vaccines to protect. The vaccines range from 600 bolivars to one thousand. "Carlos Julio Rojas took the opportunity to put on the public a series of requests that would make the Minister of Interior, Justice and Peace, Miguel Rodriguez Torres, which include debug the bodies of state security, "because they are corrupt," according to Rojas himself. He also asked that the 28 buildings invaded in La Candelaria, 37 in El Recreo, and more than 40 between Altagracia and San Jose are evicted. "These buildings are invaded outbreaks of violence, and are exploited to evade the police," he said Rojas.Adem├ís, the coordinator of the Front for the Defense of Northern Caracas said the military and police in the demonstration were only there when they expressed but never make deployments to protect citizens. On site, it was found that the security forces outnumbered the protesters.
non-climate		A group of hooded demonstrators blockaded Santa Fe, in both directions, up to the supermarket El Patio. Access to Santa Fe Avenue North by Jos├⌐ Mar├¡a Vargas was closed for the protest which was dissolved following clashes with the National Guard. Unofficially reported six people protest generated detenidas.La collapse in Prados del Este highway because there was only one channel enable Trinity sense. For about three months ago no such manifestations occurred in the Santa Fe.Protestaban against the biometric system for purchases announced the Government will be adopted on 30 November.
non-climate		A group of students are demonstrating outside the Student Residence Livia Gouverneur, located in Sabana Grande, near Plaza Venezuela, supporting young Eliana Happy student UNEARTE, who chained himself in protest because their arbitrary eviction by the ruling affects other students who also inhabit the place and in agreements with the Municipal Institute of Youth and the municipality of Libertador led to the expulsion.
non-climate		by a fellow who was allegedly assaulted by police officers
non-climate		Members of community councils, transporters and neighbors decided to close the road traffic of the Mor├│n-Coro national road to protest their instability, because they have not finished asphalting work on this road or in the call Par Vial, distributor with that comunica.Tulio Maduro, a resident of Boca de Aroa in the municipality Silva (Tucacas) and member of the Community Council Marbelia Cop, said residents of Puente La Boca de Aroa Arag├╝ita and industry are tired of the delays and their consequences. "So far this year 25 road accidents and 10 robberies have it registered with the Mor├│n-Coro national, as we have been able to establish community councils in the area," he said, and assured that the cause of this is the paralysis of the asphalting work.
non-climate		Members of community councils, transporters and neighbors decided to close the road traffic of the Mor├│n-Coro national road to protest their instability, because they have not finished asphalting work on this road or in the call Par Vial, distributor with that comunica.Tulio Maduro, a resident of Boca de Aroa in the municipality Silva (Tucacas) and member of the Community Council Marbelia Cop, said residents of Puente La Boca de Aroa Arag├╝ita and industry are tired of the delays and their consequences. "So far this year 25 road accidents and 10 robberies have it registered with the Mor├│n-Coro national, as we have been able to establish community councils in the area," he said, and assured that the cause of this is the paralysis of the asphalting work.
non-climate		Since after 11 am, users of social networking site Twitter have been reporting a demonstrations on roads leading to Tucacas, in Falcon state; this under the beginning of the Carnival season.
non-climate		Paraguan├í.- After nearly two hours marching through the streets and avenues of Punto Fijo, the paraguaneros students went to the local office of the public prosecutor and there delivered a document that demanded the authorities "to meet the standard" .├üngel Lopez , a local leader of Primero Justicia; Juan Carlos Martinez, member of the Civil Society and the student of the University of Falcon, Reinaldo Bermudez, were responsible for presenting the document. Attorney sixth, lived Griset, and tax fifteenth Falcon, Diana Gamboa, j├│venes.En received the document, in addition to raising the reason for the protest, attacks and intimidation suffered by the students were displayed during the last days. "We attended with respect and listened to our approach," said Angel Lopez, who also said that during Tuesday "was greater participation of civil society, many people are joining" .For this afternoon students Punto Fijo will hold a rally in the light Don Bosco, in the street Trade Water Safety and kept there in protest.
non-climate		A group of residents of the area Quebrada Honda, located in San Sebastian Reyes road of San Juan de los Morros, protest vial bar from 5 am. Users indicate that protesters burned caucho.Los neighbors claim the serious deterioration of the national road. There are pockets where you could complete a private vehicle. Public transport drivers say they spend a fortune to repair the units, which are impaired by the craters that are in the six years leading zona.Denuncian calling on the authorities to repair the road and "Nanai" to provide solutions. They require the presence of local government officials to commit itself to repair access. The situation creates strong vehicular delay in area.
non-climate		A number of Central Madeirense supermarket stores had to close down after their workers went on strike in Venezuela. The stores are located in Lara, Aragua, Carabobo and Miranda states.
non-climate		More than 23 workers of state-owned Enmhoca went on hunger strike and closed the Ring Avenue north of Barquisimeto to protest working conditions they suffer.
non-climate		Barquisimeto.- As Ra├║l Oca├▒a was identified student arrested by the National Guard during the demonstrations yesterday in eastern Barquisimeto.Poco after 3:00 pm making the Lara Avenue began, where hooded youths and they closed the road for more than five hours confronted troops, while the police diverted the tr├ífico.Los protesters burned tires to express their dissatisfaction with the situation prevailing in the country, they answer the tear gas bombs and rubber bullets. cerradoEn Choron├¡ Aragua state, for the second consecutive day, the land access to the coastal town of Choroni, remained closed for a group of fishermen who denounce lousy service p├║blicos.Con boats crossed the street to prevent the entry and exit of vehicles, protesters caught the attention of government authorities, noting that triggered the protest was overflowing sewers in the area of ΓÇïΓÇïEl Malecon, from s├íbado.Aunado to this past, constantly complain that there are electrical faults and have no daily with the drinking water, a situation that has caused the decline of travelers just at the beginning of the holiday season escolares.En Tuesday night, Congressman Richard Mardo denounced the social network Twitter, the arrival of police officers who launched tear gas against the fishermen. Marla information and Erika Guillen Prato
non-climate		A number of Central Madeirense supermarket stores had to close down after their workers went on strike in Venezuela. The stores are located in Lara, Aragua, Carabobo and Miranda states.
non-climate		Civil protection provided the information, noting that the protesters are upset over the death of a conductor.Un group of locals closed the Bicentennial of Higuerote Avenue, at the height of the Flamingo shopping center, due to the insecurity that prevails in the zone. This caused a road junction in the lugar.Ayer a driver was killed in the Civil localidad.Protecci├│n Miranda reported that the protesters are residents of the subregion.
non-climate		Mystical Rose inhabitants of the area in Guarenas closed a stretch of the Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho highway in direction to east, as a protest for lack of agua.Usuarios ofEUtrafico report strong congestion in the road Guarenas - Guatire. The protest prevented vehicular traffic between Caracas and east.
non-climate		The leader of Unity, Henrique Capriles, reported that the PSUV and the government blockaded the roads to and from Higuerote to prevent an act of the Democratic Unity Roundtable. "We can not move a guarimba who rode the government. What they may not prevent the millions of votes that come to them the 8-D. Keep that every day they have less support. We make it easy! "He said from his account Twitter.Capriles also rebuked the Tourism Minister Andres Izarra, when asked how they intend to promote such activity if they engage in boycott hits in a day of sun and also affect workers who live by the visitors. "The chimb├│n is in Miraflores combillo corrupt and now they want to destroy Miranda, may not this state and our people," afirm├│.La last week, the government also boycotted another act of Capriles Maracay to close access to the Central Regional Highway.
non-climate		A local protests by the poor state of the roads remains locked route of San Diego de Los Altos, Miranda state. Users of the social networking site Twitter reported that about 50 people blocked the road in the La OCI demonstration mode, which creates long delays in traffic. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/actualidad/regiones/protesta-tranca-la-via-de-san-diego-de-los-altos-e.aspx#ixzz2km1zxI9q
non-climate		Caracas A group of neighbors closed from early morning passage to the Orient through the Trunk report 9.Seg├║n users of social networks protest aims to call attention to the growing insecurity prevailing in the area, which in affects both residents and those who pass through this v├¡a.Recomiendan carriers take the detour through Rio Chico.
non-climate		Caracas A group of neighbors kilometer 18 of the road Petare-Santa closed this road to protest the lack of agua.Judith Betancourt explains that the problem affects all the La Arboleda, who already has two months without water. Besides that they also have many problems with the gas service community, as the trucks pass by the way but never stop to despachar.La pathway is locked in both directions at kilometer 18, and is thus from one of the afternoon.
non-climate		From 6 in the morning, residents in eight communities in the highway blocked the road Baruta, up to the Monterrey sector to protest rotten pot water from a sausage factory that are damaging to health the neighbors. During the protest that lasted four hours, the residents of Zurima, Monterrey, Monte Cristo, urbanization Villa Laura, San Pedrito, La Limonera reported that their health has been seriously affected by the odors emanating from water companies in the area. Hidrocapital staff, Mayor of Baruta neighborhood committee and moved to the sector Santa Rosa, where 28 work sheds no sewer system, septic tanks. After inspection it was agreed to test colors techniques daily for business to verify water outlets served into the street, will participate in this work Maintenance Area 5 of hydrological. Commercial status of Orta zona.Francisco spokesman sausage factory also supervise, he said that the waters piches not emanate from his company, which is in talks with the authorities to solve the problem of the sector. The engineer Juan Rodriguez, head of Construction Division of the Department of Infrastructure of the Municipality of Baruta, said the water from businesses fall into ditches and the main street causing damage. They are ready to give technical support to community councils for the development of projects for the construction of sewers and serve as intermediaries with government entities nacional.Leer more at: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/parroquias/vecinos-de-baruta-se-quejaron-por-bote-de-aguas-pu.aspx#ixzz2gnY42wac
non-climate		The usual quiet of the Institute for Advanced Study, located in Sartenejas, was interrupted yesterday by the slogans of workers demanding payment of their employees servicios.Los research center under the Ministry of Science and Technology, they protested to demand commitment to timely payment of salaries and aguinaldos.Ana Gamez, secretary of the Federation of Workers of IDEA, reported that the center is on the verge of a technical closure for lack of resources. "For two months we closure of odors laboratories, workers are affected with mucous irritation, asphyxia and infections. We declare ourselves in permanent conflict until the restructuring of the institution is achieved, there is no money for the fortnight or bonuses for ".The union leader reported that several employees of the laboratory have not received the increase decreed by the executive. He recalled that the IDEA morning up to 34 years of uninterrupted work. He stressed that for 7 months no crisis by the change of administration, which was taken over by current President Jose Vicente Hern├índez.El IDEA is a scientific institute, in which neonatal investigations to detect mental retardation and other abnormalities are made, analysis calculations kidney crystallography and genetic screening tests, among others.
non-climate		The East remained the only street in the municipality Baruta Mayor Gerardo Blyde 26 recorded yesterday protests in different parts of the state. The Equestrian Club Terrazas complex came under attack when a motorized group of Santa Cruz del Este neighborhood threw stones and bottles at the barricade that was little above the caravan Concresa.Una The shopping center that organized the residents of Prados del Este and which went through the same point was also atacada.En Sanz del Marques Avenue armed neighbors about three barricades. And although the National Guard did the same, when you arrive and remove the debris, when neighbors effective immediately retreated back to lock the track.
non-climate		Culminating yesterday with bloody events in eastern Caracas, for some people it was an effect of orchestration, which began last Wednesday -after order Nicolas Maduro, in some neighborhoods and housing estates located southeast of the capital, from Very early, they erected barricades to reiterate its discontent, but were forced by armed men. In Los Guayabitos, located next to the old road of the municipality Baruta, residents told that 20 women were cowed by alleged members of a group operating in the neighboring community of La Limonera. The resident Wilmeidys Reveron said that while blocking the stretch, about 7:30 am, a young woman with more than 8 months pregnant and her mother were brutally beaten by the subjects, who fired repeatedly against the group partially blocked circulation. "From 5:00 am blocked the main road with a barricade, hours after the National Guard came and shot launched against us without words," said Reveron, to ensure that the reaction was triggered by the stalking of motor who also attacked the GN. "The motorized tempered my hair, hit me and told me that they did me lock the street," said Sara Rengifo. Reveron said Emely was also attacked while trying to help his mother. "It did not matter that she was pregnant" .The collective course also attended the urbanization of El Placer, which moved the barricade, installed on the main road by Protestants, to the entrance of the complex, to prevent access. Rafael Vega, said that the physical integrity of residents affected. "We were kidnapped by the hour and a neighbor was injured. It is part of the order to end the demonstrations, which gave Nicolas Maduro," he said. In places like Trinidad, Los Samanes, Terrazas del Club Hipico and Guaicay in Baruta, protesters say they are at the mercy of violent groups operating with government support. Who make life in these sectors argue that the protests have become a daily statement of rejection against the government, which serves as the foundation for mass claims and formulate policies to solve demand shortages, violence and inseguridad.Cierran ManzanaresAnoche neighbors They manzanare again placing a huge barricade at the entrance of the village, after a group of motorized removed it at noon when they also burned a nearby field. Neighbors gathered to demonstrate against this intrusion of motor who are not even in the area. Some claimed that the group tried to enter the mall, but neighbors stopped him. With informationElkisBejarano
non-climate		At 9 am, a group of residents from the area Flintstones and Ojo de Agua focused on pit road Baruta- Gate in Blue Stone, to demand the project engineer wastewater that is developed there, answers by delays which submitted the execution.
non-climate		The residents of the streets B, F and main Caurimare closed the road because they have more than 24 continuous hours without electricity since Sunday and the service operates intermitente.La protest was accompanied by a more cacerolazo.Hay 300 families affected by the situation. The protesters say they had received no response CORPOELEC until they closed the street. The gang that was presented at the site told them that there is a problem with a cable.Carlos Carrat├║ of the neighborhood association F Street, he said that due to water pump failure of one of the buildings were damaged, as well neighbors who have been locked in elevators and elderly people who are up and down the stairs. There are cases like Ludert Sabrina, who will be hurt the fridge and air crew CORPOELEC acondicionado.La reported that in two hours the service will be restored.
non-climate		Hotter than iron 'and Chinese neighbors woke Las Casitas community in Las Mercedes, municipality Urdaneta, who after eight days of drought blocked the way for national road between this jurisdiction with Thomas Lander.
non-climate		Carrizal.-La Panamericana, maneci├│o barricaded in both senses of the Pan American at the height of High Mountain (kilometer 20). Therefore there is no vehicular traffic and transit officials are diverting cars by Carrizal via Corralito so they can lead to Carrizal bridge (Km 18) and elllo adept them to continue to the capital, and viceversa.Las barricades placed tip to tip burn from dawn and placed opposite the shopping center La Cascada. From 6 to 30 a.m. occurs this situation. The protests are led by neighbors and tail estudiantes.La Caracas arrives in Los Cerritos (km 23), which means that at times has a length of three kil├│metros.Se recommended to take the old road or other alternate routes.
non-climate		Carrizal.-La Panamericana, maneci├│o barricaded in both senses of the Pan American at the height of High Mountain (kilometer 20). Therefore there is no vehicular traffic and transit officials are diverting cars by Carrizal via Corralito so they can lead to Carrizal bridge (Km 18) and elllo adept them to continue to the capital, and viceversa.Las barricades placed tip to tip burn from dawn and placed opposite the shopping center La Cascada. From 6 to 30 a.m. occurs this situation. The protests are led by neighbors and tail estudiantes.La Caracas arrives in Los Cerritos (km 23), which means that at times has a length of three kil├│metros.Se recommended to take the old road or other alternate routes.
non-climate		Polimiranda command authorities located in Caucagua, reported that in the field of Marizapa a group of neighbors trancando step because they have a day without power. Apparently they rains affected a transformer in the morning and did not send CORPOELEC the work crew to repair. They require the presence of spokesmen for the company energ├¡aLeer more at: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/actualidad/sucesos/no-hay-paso-via-a-oriente-por-protesta-y-siniestro.aspx#ixzz2VZ4xsIkz
non-climate		Most are in white shirts and caps and carrying tricolor banners against violence and shortages
non-climate		Most are in white shirts and caps and carrying tricolor banners against violence and shortages
non-climate		Neighbors and Caracas.- Chacao students who decided to start a protest earlier today Holy Thursday and from eleven o'clock garbage bags placed in the middle of the avenue closing Uslar Pietri access completely. "We changed strategy", said one neighbor who is in the group of demonstrators. But even in the besieged ineffective seen policiales.Tambi├⌐n it reported that last night the members of the Bolivarian National Police (PNB) threw tear gas at a group of neighbors who came down from Nazarene procession. While the mayor of Chacao, Ramon boy through hisramonmuchacho has reported yesterday that: ".. 9:13 pm teargas in Elice / UslarPietri The procession of the Nazarene Church reaching Polichacao evacuating parishioners".
non-climate		Neighbors and Caracas.- Chacao students who decided to start a protest earlier today Holy Thursday and from eleven o'clock garbage bags placed in the middle of the avenue closing Uslar Pietri access completely. "We changed strategy", said one neighbor who is in the group of demonstrators. But even in the besieged ineffective seen policiales.Tambi├⌐n it reported that last night the members of the Bolivarian National Police (PNB) threw tear gas at a group of neighbors who came down from Nazarene procession. While the mayor of Chacao, Ramon boy through hisramonmuchacho has reported yesterday that: ".. 9:13 pm teargas in Elice / UslarPietri The procession of the Nazarene Church reaching Polichacao evacuating parishioners".
non-climate		A group of students is in the Francisco de Miranda Avenue, at the height of Altamira, demanding the release of those arrested in protests after going earlier to UNDP headquarters.
non-climate		C├⌐sar Batiz.- From the morning of Thursday, union leaders and workers in the operational area of ΓÇïΓÇïthe Institute of the State Railways claim at the offices of Human Resources organization, located in Charallave Norte station, payment of overtime and uniforms, as well and require the purchase of materials for the maintenance activities of the mass transit system.
non-climate		Twitter users report that a group of demonstrators blocked traffic on the boulevard of El Cafetal, which has caused heavy traffic in the area.
non-climate		Caracas During the morning of Thursday, owners of the Urbanization Loma Linda IV stage, located in the Caicaguana sector staged a protest against the Mayor of El Hatillo, from where they demanded solutions to the problems affecting over 200 families who can not enter their properties due to the mayor's diatribe with the zoning of a parcel which is owned by Ayuntamiento.Con closing the street and banners, protesters demanded the presence of the Mayor of El Hatillo, Myiriam Do Nascimento, but not at the scene. In its representation was the director of the mayor, Gabriel Reyes, who held a meeting with the spokesmen of the civil association. "The director Gabriel Reyes and Councilman Eduardo Battistini pledged to make a request to the municipal trustee to change the zoning of plot, which is the Mayor, who has to make sport zoning corridor and so find an alternative solution to our problem of access to land. We will be waiting for these commitments are met, "said Yogase Meza, president of the Civil Association IV etapa.Asimismo Loma Linda, Meza said: "The trustee has 15 days to respond but we will not wait for those 15 days, we will stay in the street because we want are results." "This fight and pike extends, so if we do we will make hunger strikes but we must fight for our rights, "said Meza.Las families said they continue to make street actions until they are allowed access to their plots.
non-climate		The Municipal Police of Caracas El Hatillo El Cigarral sector came two patrols and cleaning staff, in order to remove a barricade that had been placed there, trancando the street as a sign of protesta.Tras overcome opposition from neighbors, with the work of persuasion, they achieved their purpose.
non-climate		The 100 line drivers Taxis Miranda 2007, kept it locked access to Guatire Buenaventura Mall from 9:30 am, in protest action because they closed the door where stop working for 8 years. Taxi drivers indicated that a month ago, the mall management closed the passage through the entrance without consulting Alpha 1 drivers of the line. They have repeatedly tried to talk to managers to enable passage through this gate, but have not been heard. The trigger for the protest was that the mall today crews began to break the access stairs. They claim that the closure of this entry affects them because they have nowhere to load passengers and also harms users mall should give Vueltona to enter the mall. Hundreds of users are stranded inside the mall because drivers have trucks crossed into the turnstiles. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/actualidad/regiones/taxistas-trancan-acceso-al-centro-comercial-buenav.aspx#ixzz2c3g9DO5m
non-climate		With the arrival of Wilma Osuna, vice president of Metro Los Teques, the homeless shelter Lanex decided to withdraw from the vial Bicentennial Avenue, to allow the passage of vehicles, after seven hours of protest. Although the protesters had said it would not negotiate with the president of the Caracas Metro, Haiman El Trouddi, the spokeswoman for the company building the railway system in the country said that was commissioned by the Housing Mission to respond to community spokesmen they decided to go out and protest because they were told that the next to be delivered to apartments would not be affected.
non-climate		A group of former employees of Metro Los Teques consortium, keep closed the Pan-American Highway at Km. 27, demanding reclosing.
non-climate		For the fourth consecutive day, relatives of the detainees at the headquarters of Polimiranda, in Los Teques, blocked the Bicentennial Avenue, opposite the Ali Primera subway station to demand transfers.
non-climate		For the fourth consecutive day, relatives of the detainees at the headquarters of Polimiranda, in Los Teques, blocked the Bicentennial Avenue, opposite the Ali Primera subway station to demand transfers.
non-climate		For the fourth consecutive day, relatives of the detainees at the headquarters of Polimiranda, in Los Teques, blocked the Bicentennial Avenue, opposite the Ali Primera subway station to demand transfers.
non-climate		The Teques.- A state of collapse took place in the Pan American Highway this morning after a group of neighbors take Guaremal kilometer 27 to protest insecurity. "The robberies are daily bread, while Public transport drivers are working until 8:00 pm and taxi drivers simply do races here ", said Maura Monzon populous community resident, who said that were violated agreements with the Mayor of last Guaicaipuro.La Once we left promised the presence of effective Poliguaicaipuro, but that lasted about two months and then left, leaving the good of Dios.Tras prevent vehicular traffic in both directions in front of the Restaurante Los Alpes, from 6:00 am , police commissions dealt with the demonstrators minutes ago-about 9:20 am- raised their protesta.La queue of vehicles toward Tejer├¡as reaches The Red Summit and contrary to Carrizal. In a few minutes it is expected to release the entire country
non-climate		The Teques.- of the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) and the Bolivarian National Police (PNB) guard the protest taking place Thursday morning at the entrance of the University Institute of Technology (IUT) Dr. Federico Rivero Palacio in kilometer 8 of the Pan American highway. "We're not trancando the way, only we prevent access to the institution," noted Carmelo Perales, student, who noted that authorities "have taken us for a ride" .The protest action comes after this Wednesday an irregular situation within the study center where a meeting between administrative staff, teachers, workers, students and spokespersons of the Ministry of Higher Education (MES) was scheduled one lived. The latter arrived two hours late to the meeting, which generated discomfort among students, who decided to prevent the outflow of visitors, extending their stay for about eight hours. "They arrived late and wanted to go quickly without listening, so We lock the institution decided to prevent it were "revealed another student who booked their identity, adding that demand the dismissal of the board of the institution for not complying with the commitments made in relation to the provision of computer equipment and incur other irregularidades.La action makes the curious down the speed of their vehicles and slow traffic is recorded in both directions of the road artery that connects the High Mirandinos to Caracas, it dawned congested by a "gap" left by the rains of recent hours straight Las Minas, where the drains are clogged.
climate		The Teques.- In what is the second-performing street Monday morning in Los Teques, Tamari neighboring residences in the mirandina capital Puente Castro took to protest the presence of water cans negras.Piden the mayor of Guaicaipuro, Francisco Garces, to open the road connecting with communities such as wheat and Lagunetica.Para when there is still strong vehicular delay in the area, which affects the central town of Los Teques.
non-climate		Residents blocked the road to San Pedro up to the municipal market El Paso in Los Teques for lack of water
non-climate		Poor safety actions occurred in the development of Bethany Gardens in Ocumare del Tuy forced neighbors raise their voices against the uniformed Municipal Police Polimiranda Charallave and the morning of Friday, closing the Perimeter Highway Ocumare-Charallave.La tranca lasted 45 minutes and was dissipated by members of Detachment No. 57 of the National Guard and Municipal Police Lander. "Policharallave agents enter urbanization firing into the air; intimidating the youth sector. Moreover, in so far this year, officials of the Investigation Division have arrested eight Polimiranda shaman, who have been seeded with drug and still prisoners in police cells, "said the neighbor, Darwin Marquina.El captain Luis Daniel Chitty, head of the Third Company of the GNB, along with Jos├⌐ Luis Ojeda, director of the Police Lander, held a meeting with Protestants who accompanied him to the Attorney 24th of Public Prosecutions to seek a more soluci├│n.Leer: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/parroquias/disolvieron-protesta-en-autopista-ocumare-charalla.aspx#ixzz2UtFi6q6H
non-climate		Petare mototaxistas protested for two hours by the deterioration of sewage tanquilla which is covered against the Sambilito, nauseating smells emanating affecting the health of pedestrians and workers in the area. This situation led to considerable delay in the main avenue of La Urbina.
non-climate		A group of representatives of the Municipal Socorro Gonzalez Guinan Basic Unit, located in the Brisas de Petare sector focused yesterday against the institution to denounce the abandonment of Sucre municipality administrations and Miranda.Denunciaron state of disrepair bathrooms, neglect of spaces for recreation of students and the accumulation of garbage in the front. "Here there is only apathy, mountain and snake," said the neighbor Lourdes Pimentel. He asked the governor Henrique Capriles to implement a plan rehabilitaci├│n.Los community members require the construction of a new canteen, restoring the floors and ceilings of the two main bathrooms, like weeding the yard. They also requested the construction of a perimeter wall to protect the facility, as the campus has been robbed reiteradamente.Lucio Segovia, director of Education Sucre municipality, said that the protest responds to political interests. "The building has been affected by a landslide. And a team of supervisors went to the school and evaluated the place to meet the demands, "he said.
non-climate		At about 10:30 am on the way to the Palo Verde complex was restored, and carriers-who had closed access for four hours-up the protest after Cametro crews finally took away the railing restricting their way the connection between Palo Verde and Jose Felix Ribas neighborhood of Petare.Los carriers were declared in protest at the Caracas Metro had promised to clear the railing last Monday and did not.
non-climate		├ÜN.- National Guard officials disbanded the protest carried Petare residents who reported having more than 20 days without water. The locals are angry that Mayor Carlos Ocariz, has not responded to the problem of garbage and constant lack of water. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/parroquias/video---gn-disolvio-protesta-por-falta-de-agua-en-.aspx#ixzz2pAwPqdBd
non-climate		Workers of different lines of motorcycle taxis remain in place to demand greater police presence and more seguridadLeer: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/parroquias/fotos---motorizados-trancan-petare-exigiendo-segur.aspx#ixzz3TkdMDr8Q
non-climate		CaripitoAyer protest via Twitter, residents of areas surrounding Caripito (Monagas), reported that neighbors and cassava manufacturers protested the fall of the bridge and closed the road that leads into the village and going out to Maturin.
non-climate		The main routes of the city of Maturin, Monagas state, woke trancadas Monday for a second day of protests. Taxitas of the capital of the eastern state, closed several streets to demonstrate against the scourges of insecurity, which strongly affects their working hours. Users of the social networking site Twitter reported that congestion in the streets of Maturin is also due to neighborhood events for lack of water in the Bella Vista avenue. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/actualidad/regiones/segundo-dia-de-protesta-tranca-maturin.aspx#ixzz2jKGMmRyk
non-climate		Again, Monagas university students took to the streets to publicize their discontent with the situation in the pa├¡s.Desde the vial from the University of East Los Guaritos left campus students of the University of East, Pedagogical Maturin, the Polytechnic Institute Marine Santiago and Universidad Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho.Con a large banner reading that university professors joined the clarion call, also spoke about the problems of insecurity and scarcity that has been registered in Monagas .The professor Frederick White, of the University of East added that from sunrise to Guanaguaney place in the Goths, the march went smoothly, even one group followed the demonstration to the Libertador Avenue, where concluy├│.Concentrados in CatedralEn hours In the afternoon, the young people moved to the Cathedral where the opposition affections were near the stairs of the temple, while elsewhere the young revolutionaries, which were proposing the realization of a talk to expose their criteria regarding the situation were Delta Amacuro, Monagas pa├¡s.CNP launched this s├íbadoHoy from 9:00 am. CNP Monagas union members - Delta Amacuro, held a march that will start from the Plaza El Indio and reach the vial of Juana La Avanzadora in order to draw attention to the crisis of paper, considering that some media have not the raw material for printing, in addition to self-censorship concerning and freedom of journalists and photojournalists expresi├│n.Los also made the invitation to civil society to join them in the ruling marcha.Las women also marchar├ínPor Moreover, Women Monagas movement of life and peace, will also march. They will depart from the Plaza Piar and expect to reach the Juana La Avanzadora vial at 10:00 am. mobilization that will be headed by Governor Yelitze Santaella.
non-climate		The student movement marched from the Cathedral Maturin Maturin to the Office of the Attorney requesting that the cases of students who participate in protests are under the process of submission to the competent courts will reconsider.
non-climate		aysi D├¡az.- A group of high school students took to burn rubber on Monday in protest at the poor conditions in which the Education Unit is Bolivar 2000, and whose structure is being affected by the construction of a high in the sector Iberia El Vigia municipality Alberto Adriani, Merida state. Betsay Toro, a spokeswoman for the young protesters, said that for four months the roster is without electricity or running water, and be exposed to the dust produced by the construction of large, less than 100 meters from the institution. "Many of my colleagues had respiratory illnesses during the first period. We are studying in deplorable conditions, "said the lice├¡sta.Oriana Figueroa, said for his part, that the policy of high school has been dedicated to give solution to the problem, but despite promises of government representatives that high and the renovation of the high school it would be in three months, and makes four without getting answers. "In December, the Governor came and made an inspection of the construction of the high, took photos and left without visiting our high school, which is affected by this work ".Aseguraron that will remain in protest until they achieve the temporary relocation, or alternatively, that the shortcomings of the institution are solved. They stated that these actions are street student initiative, and that the management and teaching staff not involved in them. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/educacion/liceistas-quemaron-cauchos-por-malas-condiciones-d.aspx#ixzz3QWQDHIK5
non-climate		Beyond receiving bonuses, dependent workers of the Interior announced that deepen Merida protests demanding payment for work commitments to date State Governor, Marcos Diaz, could not deliver for their employees. The leaders of the different unions decided to start yesterday and for 48 hours, the stoppage and street demonstrations and said then announced the permanent cessation of public administration in Merida state, until you pay the debts incurred during this management .
non-climate		Sunday morning, they attended the Merida Plaza El Llano, located in the parish of the same name, and concentrated there for a citizens' assembly that aimed, seek out the constitutional government of Nicolas Maduro, in which they are not in agreement.
non-climate		Sunday morning, they attended the Merida Plaza El Llano, located in the parish of the same name, and concentrated there for a citizens' assembly that aimed, seek out the constitutional government of Nicolas Maduro, in which they are not in agreement.
non-climate		Sunday morning, they attended the Merida Plaza El Llano, located in the parish of the same name, and concentrated there for a citizens' assembly that aimed, seek out the constitutional government of Nicolas Maduro, in which they are not in agreement.
non-climate		Sunday morning, they attended the Merida Plaza El Llano, located in the parish of the same name, and concentrated there for a citizens' assembly that aimed, seek out the constitutional government of Nicolas Maduro, in which they are not in agreement.
non-climate		Residents of several sectors of M├⌐rida yesterday reported strong attacks of the GNB and groups of car ownership with the ruling government, who tried to remove the barricades placed in different areas of the city. The first attacks were reported in the sector Santa Barbara around 1:00 pm.Las social networks began to signal a strong attack, 40 minutes later, near the residences Monsignor Chacon, located in Campo Elias viaduct near the Faces-ULA headquarters. The GNB attacked with tear gas and birdshot who were at the barricades, but also those caceroleaban shot and tried to rescue the protesters in buildings. Unofficially we talk about 20 injured have been treated by the residents in the complex.
non-climate		Residents of several sectors of M├⌐rida yesterday reported strong attacks of the GNB and groups of car ownership with the ruling government, who tried to remove the barricades placed in different areas of the city. The first attacks were reported in the sector Santa Barbara around 1:00 pm.Las social networks began to signal a strong attack, 40 minutes later, near the residences Monsignor Chacon, located in Campo Elias viaduct near the Faces-ULA headquarters. The GNB attacked with tear gas and birdshot who were at the barricades, but also those caceroleaban shot and tried to rescue the protesters in buildings. Unofficially we talk about 20 injured have been treated by the residents in the complex.
non-climate		Barquisimeto.- At 3 and 45 in the afternoon of Wednesday's violence began in the Moran Avenue near the rector of the University Lisandro Alvarado (UCLA), where young students gathered in various parts of the city and they headed Detachment 47 of the National Guard when troops began firing tear gas to disperse aspect, In Aragua state, with the use of barricades and burning tires, students from the Central University of Venezuela (UCV) campus Maracay, hampered vehicular traffic along the avenue University of El Limon, off the pedestrian entrance to this university, to protest insecurity and deficiency of internal services. The demonstration began at 10 am and lasted about two hours. During that time, students claimed that they are often victims of robbery inside the premises and its surroundings. In M├⌐rida civil society mobilized to express their dissatisfaction with the national government and this time, in the framework of the date on which the National Flag Day was celebrated with patriotic tricolor marched to Plaza Miranda located Santa sector in Elena.Entregaron a list of civilian requirements at the headquarters of the Office. NS.
non-climate		Sgt GNB, Miguel Antonio Parra, died yesterday morning at the El Campito when GNB groups, and armed motorized Polim├⌐rida repressed the protests and tried to destroy the barricades placed in the Las Americas Cardenal Quintero, El Campito between otros.Parra, 42 years old, he received a bullet in the neck as he tried to remove the barricades that were placed on the zona.Tambi├⌐n were wounded Yon GNB Kener Monsalve, 22, the polim├⌐rida Flores Silvio Rend├│n and 3 university. A total of five wounded. One of the students was identified as Maria Contreras, who is a nursing student and participated in the attack protestas.El. Since morning, neighbors found GNB commissions, Polim├⌐rida and trucks with crews of laborers were located in the vicinity of the hospital Sor Juana Ines de la Cruz for the removal of barricades in the vicinity of the Las Americas and Cardinal Quintero, where these sectors represi├│n.Habitantes began denounced commissions and Polim├⌐rida GNB entered these groups accompanied by motorizados.Ram├│n Guevara, deputy of the Legislative Council of M├⌐rida and member of the MUD sites, reported that force government is complicit in how groups of masked motorized entered several buildings. "It destroyed doors and windows as the case of residences, located in the vicinity of the Las Americas Las Flores" he said. At the same time similar groups attacked neighbors in El Campito and Cardinal Quintero.Dirigentes ULA student rejected the way the security forces and pro-government groups they knocked down the door and entered and searched the apartment where the student leader lives Gaby Arellano located in residences The rector Mario Bonucci flowers.The reported that the ULA remain suspended all activities. In CabudareYoriana Os├¡oAyer in the morning, a 21 year old was shot in the foot while demonstrating in Cabudare when protests were repressed by the GNB. 3 He received medical assistance in the area and then transferred to a clinic. The neighbors blocked the entrance of the complex with a barricade to prevent access of the GNB. The guards continued to shoot gas for three hours. The protest continued in the afternoon.
non-climate		M├⌐rida.- From early morning, residents from the area the walls of the city of Merida, were visited by effective Polim├⌐rida, who dissolved with buckshot and tear gas a peaceful protest that was to touch pans and pancartazo. The police arrived at the scene with the intention of breaking down the barricades that are internally in the urbanization Las Tapias, which were placed Tuesday in hours noche.Los neighbors objected to lay down "the trenches of freedom" and it was there when they came in confrontation between citizens and Polim├⌐rida, which injured three personas.Seg├║n neighbors, one of the injured is a young medical student at the University of Los Andes (ULA), who was wounded at close range with a pellet and underwent surgery, a firefighter who was a stone and a young, allegedly wounded by gun fuego.Asimismo, before six o'clock, while the police dispersed the protest, was arrested the young Rikelme Riverol, who left Polim├⌐rida hours after libertad.En Avenues and University Tulio Febres Cordero, citizen groups stationed in the morning for a pancartazo, in which they expressed their displeasure at the repression, impunity and the nacional.Lanzaron stones government ambulanciaPor Meanwhile, the commander of the Fire Department of the Merida state, Yoston Pe├▒a, reported that in the Las Tapias was attacked an ambulance which broke the ventanas.Pe├▒a said the unit, which was assigned by the Vice Ministry of Risk Management and Civil Protection, barely two weeks community service meride├▒a.A ambulance, valued at one million bolivars, they broke the glass, it is a Mexican unit of basic support Level II life, which accommodates more than three people at once.
non-climate		M├⌐rida.- From early morning, residents from the area the walls of the city of Merida, were visited by effective Polim├⌐rida, who dissolved with buckshot and tear gas a peaceful protest that was to touch pans and pancartazo. The police arrived at the scene with the intention of breaking down the barricades that are internally in the urbanization Las Tapias, which were placed Tuesday in hours noche.Los neighbors objected to lay down "the trenches of freedom" and it was there when they came in confrontation between citizens and Polim├⌐rida, which injured three personas.Seg├║n neighbors, one of the injured is a young medical student at the University of Los Andes (ULA), who was wounded at close range with a pellet and underwent surgery, a firefighter who was a stone and a young, allegedly wounded by gun fuego.Asimismo, before six o'clock, while the police dispersed the protest, was arrested the young Rikelme Riverol, who left Polim├⌐rida hours after libertad.En Avenues and University Tulio Febres Cordero, citizen groups stationed in the morning for a pancartazo, in which they expressed their displeasure at the repression, impunity and the nacional.Lanzaron stones government ambulanciaPor Meanwhile, the commander of the Fire Department of the Merida state, Yoston Pe├▒a, reported that in the Las Tapias was attacked an ambulance which broke the ventanas.Pe├▒a said the unit, which was assigned by the Vice Ministry of Risk Management and Civil Protection, barely two weeks community service meride├▒a.A ambulance, valued at one million bolivars, they broke the glass, it is a Mexican unit of basic support Level II life, which accommodates more than three people at once.
non-climate		M├⌐rida.- Students of the University of Los Andes (ULA), protested peacefully outside the Criminal Judicial Circuit of the city of Merida, demanding full freedom of Jenifer ulandinos Maffoud, Daniel Perez and Tito Molino, who the week They were arrested last camps dismantled in Caracas. The president of the Federation of University Centers (FCU) of the ULA, Liliana Guerrero, denied that his teammates have granted bail filing an injunction in court every 15 days, a decision he considered unjustified. He said that "students were protesting peacefully in camps to make him see the world we live in difficult circumstances and the Venezuelan government lashed them to silence their voices." On the third day, students made Friday an trancazo on the viaduct Campo Elias and announced new street demonstrations, all focused on keeping alive the protest and civil society, which has accompanied the trancazos. During this week, students have held neighborhood assemblies in different communities, where they analyze the situation and agreed to follow the new shares, which are focused on public demonstrations.
non-climate		M├⌐rida.- Students of the University of Los Andes (ULA), protested peacefully outside the Criminal Judicial Circuit of the city of Merida, demanding full freedom of Jenifer ulandinos Maffoud, Daniel Perez and Tito Molino, who the week They were arrested last camps dismantled in Caracas. The president of the Federation of University Centers (FCU) of the ULA, Liliana Guerrero, denied that his teammates have granted bail filing an injunction in court every 15 days, a decision he considered unjustified. He said that "students were protesting peacefully in camps to make him see the world we live in difficult circumstances and the Venezuelan government lashed them to silence their voices." On the third day, students made Friday an trancazo on the viaduct Campo Elias and announced new street demonstrations, all focused on keeping alive the protest and civil society, which has accompanied the trancazos. During this week, students have held neighborhood assemblies in different communities, where they analyze the situation and agreed to follow the new shares, which are focused on public demonstrations.
non-climate		M├⌐rida.- the end of Wednesday afternoon, a group of about 50 masked, prospective students, Cardenal Quintero blocked the street with garbage on fire to protest, they said, by the application of the system biom├⌐trico.La protest was dissolved soon time rain began to fall on the city of Merida; however, hooded remain in the area and the other end sheltering attentive to any disorderly p├║blico.En Avenue Cardenal Quintero police picket the first barricades were installed last February, is when a large group of Merida She filed for resistance and protest by more than 70 days against the national government.
non-climate		The Thursday night demonstrators gather in the Avenue Jovito Villalba Maneiro municipality, they were dispersed by officers of the Bolivarian National Police.
non-climate		With whistles and banners marched through the beaches Parguito Water, Manzanillo and tourist sites with the slogan "In Margarita no vacation"
non-climate		With whistles and banners marched through the beaches Parguito Water, Manzanillo and tourist sites with the slogan "In Margarita no vacation"
non-climate		Furthermore, theft, at least, 9 dry goods stalls Conejeros market generated a demonstration on Avenue Jose Asuncion Rodriguez, who communicates Porlamar to the airport and ferry terminal in Punta de Piedras.
non-climate		New EspartaMari├íngela Vel├ísquezEstudiantes opponents said yesterday in constant vigil on a busy street in Pampatar on the island of Margarita, requested in a protest yesterday in the morning hours in a mass demonstration before the Public Ministry, to secure the release of seven people who stopped at the beginning of the Caribbean Series "We want a positive response from the authorities, we will stay here until we hear and release detainees." said a student leader in the Plaza de las Banderas in the municipality Maneiro. Traffic was disrupted in Jovito Villalba Avenue that connects the cities of Pampatar, Los Robles and El Valle, which caused congestion veh├¡culos.Luego a strong focus on the morning of hunger in the street, in Porlamar, and walk 10 blocks by May 4th Avenue to the Public Ministry to demand the release of the arrested demonstrators in the afternoon the students moved to the Plaza de las Banderas.L├¡deres of Democratic Unity Roundtable marched with students. The leaders Oswaldo Martinez, Jony Rahal and relatives of the detainees entered the building of the Public Prosecutor to request the transfer and subsequent release of Gerardo Corzo David Ramos, Carlos Julio Jimenez Ortega, Jos├⌐ Sim├│n Rodr├¡guez Marcano Quijada Nelson Enrique Hernandez, Carlos Joaqu├¡n Hern├índez Carrera Jackson Jos├⌐ Gonz├ílez Valero and Giuseppe Di Fabio.Anzo├ítegui
non-climate		New EspartaMari├íngela Vel├ísquezEstudiantes opponents said yesterday in constant vigil on a busy street in Pampatar on the island of Margarita, requested in a protest yesterday in the morning hours in a mass demonstration before the Public Ministry, to secure the release of seven people who stopped at the beginning of the Caribbean Series "We want a positive response from the authorities, we will stay here until we hear and release detainees." said a student leader in the Plaza de las Banderas in the municipality Maneiro. Traffic was disrupted in Jovito Villalba Avenue that connects the cities of Pampatar, Los Robles and El Valle, which caused congestion veh├¡culos.Luego a strong focus on the morning of hunger in the street, in Porlamar, and walk 10 blocks by May 4th Avenue to the Public Ministry to demand the release of the arrested demonstrators in the afternoon the students moved to the Plaza de las Banderas.L├¡deres of Democratic Unity Roundtable marched with students. The leaders Oswaldo Martinez, Jony Rahal and relatives of the detainees entered the building of the Public Prosecutor to request the transfer and subsequent release of Gerardo Corzo David Ramos, Carlos Julio Jimenez Ortega, Jos├⌐ Sim├│n Rodr├¡guez Marcano Quijada Nelson Enrique Hernandez, Carlos Joaqu├¡n Hern├índez Carrera Jackson Jos├⌐ Gonz├ílez Valero and Giuseppe Di Fabio.Anzo├ítegui
non-climate		Porlamar.- Three youngsters were arrested Tuesday night during a peaceful protest in the Bolivar Avenue Porlamar, on Margarita Island, they were full at the end of his presentation at the local courts freedom, and determine that there were no reasons that contravene the justice and therefore charges he responder.Wilmer Paez, Juan Romero and Juan Suarez was the youth who were arrested during the demonstration and released posteriormente.Esta arrest more if the child died in Tachira state and the death of others students in the country, mobilized representatives of various political organizations and members of civil society to Porlamar Bolivar square to set position respecto.Rafael Rico, youth leader of the People's Will organization, said it is time to call things by his name, "are living the dictatorship regime of Nicolas Maduro, and his action only responds to fear because they know that change is unstoppable," he said, adding that young people are committed to go out peacefully to death those young people not in vano.Por Moreover Pedro Morantes, leader of the FCU-UDO said scheduled meetings to define an agenda of its own shares of the conflict against young students, and considering that the youthful position ever It will be attached to the Constitution, on Friday held a day of promotion for registration on the electoral register.
non-climate		Porlamar.- Three youngsters were arrested Tuesday night during a peaceful protest in the Bolivar Avenue Porlamar, on Margarita Island, they were full at the end of his presentation at the local courts freedom, and determine that there were no reasons that contravene the justice and therefore charges he responder.Wilmer Paez, Juan Romero and Juan Suarez was the youth who were arrested during the demonstration and released posteriormente.Esta arrest more if the child died in Tachira state and the death of others students in the country, mobilized representatives of various political organizations and members of civil society to Porlamar Bolivar square to set position respecto.Rafael Rico, youth leader of the People's Will organization, said it is time to call things by his name, "are living the dictatorship regime of Nicolas Maduro, and his action only responds to fear because they know that change is unstoppable," he said, adding that young people are committed to go out peacefully to death those young people not in vano.Por Moreover Pedro Morantes, leader of the FCU-UDO said scheduled meetings to define an agenda of its own shares of the conflict against young students, and considering that the youthful position ever It will be attached to the Constitution, on Friday held a day of promotion for registration on the electoral register.
non-climate		Portuguese teachers ask fijosDaniel charges Espa├▒aEn the headquarters of the Directorate of Education Guanare hundreds of teachers who have been working as substitutes in the State Authority schools, to demand that their contracts are signed, and make clear to the public that are concentrated concerned that no concrete response from the alternate autoridades.Cerca 1,000 educators have been working in schools Portuguesa State Authority; some even 10 years, hoping that having vacancies occur and retirement of other professionals, are incorporated as contratados.Como teachers affected spokeswoman Lisbeth Arias, professor of early childhood education, deputy for six years, he said last May, the governor Wilmar Castro himself Soteldo assured them that the contracts were channeling, but from then until now nothing has changed, despite materialized retirement of many teachers.
non-climate		At 6:00 am the driver closed three points of Sucre municipality protesting the insecurity and the constant attacks of those who are victims of crime.  The demonstrators denounced victims of robberies, burglaries generic, kidnappings and killings. 
non-climate		Battalions and community councils asked the mayor of Cumana to rectify its decision and conduct parties
non-climate		Agricultural producers Turimiquire population, Sucre state, closed the entrances to the Cumana Puerto La Cruz-way from 5:00 am to require that more than 150 kilometers of roads are repaired, 150 failures were fixed edge and be paved in 14 carretera.Sosten├¡an kilometers from the banners and were located at the level of sectors Altos de Sucre, Arapo and Santa Fe, so passing vehicles was hampered on both channels of the road for more than seven hours. There was no way from Puerto La Cruz to Cumana and viceversa.Los protesters representing 15,000 inhabitants and farmers of the 34 community councils in the parish Raul Leoni and Great Mariscal.Denuncian that for ten years there are flaws in the road, but this year worsened the problem, which affected the, Chinese and white weekly sales of 15 tons of taro to Anzo├ítegui and Margarita car market in Caracas.Mar├¡a Ceballos, agricultural producer and member of the community council, said most 15,000 inhabitants of these areas are engaged in agriculture and in recent months have lost a lot of money because production fell 60%. "Producers are left with their crop in the conucos because trucks do not rise to markets are so bad that the tracks. Just some private trucks up Cumana to buy some kilos of Chinese and white taro ".
non-climate		The spokesman fishing industry, Roger Palacios, reported that 50% of the canneries of Sucre state are paralyzed and the remaining 50% operate at a third of capacity. "The availability of tuna and packaging has been sporadic, intermittent, but more critical is the lack of packaging" agreg├│.Hay companies stopped producing entirely by lack of inputs such as tuna, ingredients, packaging, packaging, cardboard and plastics. Among the affected are La Gaviota, it stopped working for four weeks; Proeba and Avecaisa, paralyzed this week, said vocero.Anteriormente said, one company could receive three or four daily gandolas packaging or six or seven weekly gandolas packaging, but now only get one or two in a week. Palacios said that if the business situation is not corrected could come to a complete standstill in the sector. He warned those at risk 9,500 jobs directly and 5,500 tuna supply indirectos.Sobre said that tobacco companies had inventory for two weeks and there is no certainty as to when the country will come new imports. Three vessels are scheduled to arrive to meet demand in November and part of December. "Due to delays in the approval of foreign currency for import times lengthen. Previously, the exit port of embarkation to Venezuela was 30 to 40 days, are now more than 150 days "puntualiz├│.Cerraron access PescalbaLos socialist workers Pescalba closed yesterday joint venture access to facilities from 6:00 morning to protest the non-payment, the fall in production and the suspension of nine workers embarcaciones.El Leonti Rondon claimed that the company owes them the fortnight not have HCM service, social security and housing savings. He said the protest will continue until they have a government response. Wilmer Anzola, worker also requires him to report on the fate of more than 400 million dollars from the Fund Chino.Agreg├│ that vessels are stopped for lack of repair of directors of the company, which has caused it to stop to bring 900 tons of fish Sucre state. "All vessels in the fishing pier Dyke are unproductive" .Dijo that two ships standing in Peru and Cuba and could lose the ship Simon Bolivar Peru because it would be overcome because of a debt to Venezuela of $ 2,000,000 . He added that a similar amount owed to Cuba.
non-climate		Dependent workers within the government of Sucre state, regional and national educators and unions affiliated with the CTV marched from the Virgen del Valle church until near the headquarters of the regional government to demand wage increases, backlog and cancellation last month of year-end bonus.
non-climate		Dependent workers within the government of Sucre state, regional and national educators and unions affiliated with the CTV marched from the Virgen del Valle church until near the headquarters of the regional government to demand wage increases, backlog and cancellation last month of year-end bonus.
non-climate		During the morning a demonstration by students of the Pedagogical University Libertador, which was dissolved by the regional police were also reported.
non-climate		The Colombian-Venezuelan border was closed Tuesday at about 8 am, at the Francisco de Paula Santander Bridge, which connects Colombia with the municipality Pedro Mar├¡a Ure├▒a, by "porters" who demanded the Venezuelan government stop controls in step.
non-climate		A human chain that started at the University of the Andes T├íchira -ULA- and reached about six blocks, made yesterday teachers this university and students of the National Experimental University of Tachira -Unet- and the Open University, to maintain the peaceful protest by university autonomy, because they ensure that collective bargaining discussed by the Government, a number of clauses that affect the operation of the universidad.El ULA university professor, Martin Suarez, said that with this type of action demonstrates to the national executive that the protest is not violent and vandalism, as well as society in general who are able to present this problem creatively. 'We are creators, not destroyers of the environment. These are the university, "he said. Suarez said they have scheduled another series of peaceful protest activities, which will continue today with a lecture at the university, where they explained the problem, while Friday will again take to the streets. Read more on: http://www.ultimasnoticias.com.ve/noticias/ciudad/educacion/realizaron-cadena-humana-en-ula-tachira.aspx#ixzz2XC15COfp
non-climate		People queuing for the tag tourist and buy gas in Tachira state burned trash bags near the Tourism Corporation Tachirense in protest for the long wait for the allocation of the device, necessary to purchase fuel in the entidad.Los protesters, who identified themselves as tourists from various parts of the country, blocked the avenue Spain north to south and complained about queuing for two days to get the tag. "The free transit is violating us because we have no access to gasoline. I have three days here in queue. Yesterday I was from morning until 5:00 pm and said there was no system. After 5:00 pm said there was material. This morning there was also no system. How much longer are we going to lose here? What do I do? Do I stay until Monday? Is the governor going to pay me stay? "Said Eliseo Machillanda, Nueva Esparta expected for the device to return to Puerto La Cruz and take the ferry regreso.Se complained about the attitude of officials Cotatur, whose facilities awarded the tag tourist, taking pictures of them and yelling that they were opponents who were not tourists and the protest sought other purposes. They demanded enabling service station for travelers and most points allocation tag. "I'm a tourist, not a smuggler. I came to visit my friends who invited me, and it is possible that after two days can not get a chip to buy gasoline. This is not fair, "said a tourist from Portuguesa state it was in protesta.El Cotatur director, Douglas Guerrero, he said after talks with representatives of Internal Market Pdvsa five stations would be authorized to enable the service tag turistas.Al site gasoline Polit├íchira officials appeared, National Guard and Land Transit to mediate with protesters, who did not give up his attitude until reestablished tag assignment, two hours later.
non-climate		From around midday various reports indicate violence and explosions in the town of Rubio, in Tachira state. It was also reported that security forces of the State, and the National Guard (GNB) is deployed in the .The place Mayor of Jun├¡n, Yobel Sandoval, he dismissed the alleged militarization of Rubio and felt that the pamphlets were placed in different parts of the municipality on behalf of a group calling itself "Black Eagles" are not related to GNB.Otras reports have highlighted that there are at least 13 injured (of which 2 are bullet), 11 detainees and illegal searches in Rubio. GNB also attacked the roadblocks that have been placed in the neighboring place. Moreover, Pueblo Nuevo, in the municipality of San Cristobal, reported strong detonations.
non-climate		Parents, guardians and students split up from several points of San Cristobal to the headquarters of the educational area in the center of the city to demand the elimination of Resolution 058, which establishes the rules for the establishment and operation of educational advice, indoctrination and books Bicentennial Collection.
non-climate		Parents, guardians and students split up from several points of San Cristobal to the headquarters of the educational area in the center of the city to demand the elimination of Resolution 058, which establishes the rules for the establishment and operation of educational advice, indoctrination and books Bicentennial Collection.
non-climate		The Popular Will Party (VP) rejected the violence that occurred on Friday at the Maritime University of the Caribbean, by members of the Municipal Police Vargas, who severely repressed students within the enclosure, while protesting peacefully demanding Enabling quota for intensive verano.En that sense, the national leader of the orange awning, Juan Guaid├│, urged the state governor Jorge Luis Garcia Carneiro and the mayor of the Municipality Vargas, Alexis Toledo, to respond to aggression police and punish those responsible for the crime. "This can not go unpunished, we reject the excesses by the security forces, they can not act arbitrarily violating the human rights of Venezuelans. We have witnessed similar cases like the slaughter occurred in Falcon state, when effective military were responsible for the death of a mother and her young daughter as a result of the mishandling of guns and violence too much. "In addition, also a deputy to the National Assembly by state Vargas, noted that more and Venezuelans more victims of the criminalization of protest, "such actions are unconstitutional, the right to strike and street demonstration are reflected in the Constitution, can not be subject to these measures, this is a sign that the government wants to gradually reduce the spaces occupied by the dissent. " Share
climate		City Ojeda.- The lack of street lighting and sanitation conditions endured by inhabitants of the area 41 Avenue "L" of Ciudad Ojeda led a stick prevented, for more than five hours, the move to the municipal cemetery and the area houses various companies in the field of construction. The bar was initiated by residents of the Virgin of Paraute community to denounce the lack of lighting on the strip caused three road accidents with injuries in the last 24 hours. "I can not, this is our second protest year the same cause and nobody pays attention to us, we require the Mayor to address this area, do not expect to make a journey and the campaign to put all beautiful, we want to attend and "claimed Ana Cubiro, a resident of the community for seven years .The affected say more than six kilometers from Avenue lack of lighting, which also influences the high levels of insecurity reported in the area, in the municipality of Lagunilla east coast of Lake in the neighboring state recognized Zulia.Aunque CORPOELEC competition situation in claiming them say it is the mayor, Francisco Antonio Alvarado, who must streamline to solve the problems of public services in Ciudad Ojeda.Jorge Luis Grada, a resident of the "L" industry, estimated at least 160 families are affected by the lack of lighting. He said the proliferation of solid waste in the vicinity of the community becomes a health hazard to the neighbors. "So we can not live, we have seven years living with lies Corpoelec, we have years waiting for response from the mayor and nobody solves us , so trancamos the road, let's keep up the protest and will take the seat of the Municipality of Lagunillas to demand solutions, "he said Grada.Los affected personnel accused during Thursday scrapped PDVSA lot of garbage on the Main Street sector, which increased his discomfort and motivated its demand for care and sanitation.
non-climate		There were only Zulia. Friday professors of the University of Zulia (LUZ), after three hours of deliberations, approved the stoppage and thus add to the twelve institutions that have paralyzed classes to demand that the Executive salary adjustments and validity Standards of unemployed Homologaci├│n.Las universities are: UCV, ULA, UDO, UC, USB, UNEFM, UPEL, UNEG, Unexpo, UCLA, and UNET according UNA.Otro assembly teacher was demanding the president of APUZ , Karelis Fernandez, withdraw from the negotiating table "because it is a mockery to the delay of ads from socio-economic improvements" .Pese the protest of teachers, the Calzadilla minister reiterated that "has nothing to do" with the setting because that is a matter for the negotiating table.
non-climate		Yesterday, at 6:00 am, a group of people protested outside the governor to demand that unlock their identity cards, allowing them to make purchases at supermarkets in Zulia state. They said they are not bachaqueros.Al same time, Secretary of Security and Public Order of the entity, Jairo Ramirez announced in the security meeting Monday that food smuggling at the border declined 60% due to checkpoints combinados.Desde a half months ago have staged protests, but have not yet received a response from the regional government. Yesterday hoped that a representative attend the ejecutivo.Diaina Andrade, one of those affected, said in Zulia state can not live if you do not buy food at regulated prices. "I'm a single mom and I keep 10 guys. I need to buy my certificate. Yesterday I came to the center and only one liter of oil costs 50 bolivars a ballot milk Mercal 100 bolivars. Let us unlock the certificate ". Nicolaza Nunez required to explain the blocking criteria. "I have two months and one week that I could not buy the medicine because I do not want to sell because I'm blocked. I empanadas and arepas to sell. I have no help from anyone, "he said .Ram├¡rez have blocked more than 2,000 identity cards and have unlocked more than 700." Sunday passed a number of trucks to the Guajira to bring basic food products, more in control, with a varied food at certain times and allowing you greater control to the Armed Forces "amount.
non-climate		The people of Sabaneta, in Maracaibo, are without electricity since Saturday by the explosion of a transformer and tired of waiting for CORPOELEC came to protest to demand the return of service. With sticks, stones and blockaded rubbers distributor adjacent to the Metro de Maracaibo, generating congestion vial.Los protesters said 25 homes are without power, affecting 100 families. They report that their food has been damaged by lack of maintenance, and apparently in no state transformers available. Some have opted for the use of plants and borrowed connections ilegales.Las people clarified that although the outage was due to the explosion of the transformer, the cuts are constant, so ask CORPOELEC establish a sleep schedule. "Really, this can not go on because the risk of burning appliances run," said Maria Cuicas, inhabitant of the sector.
non-climate		A group called "bachaqueros" protested this morning in front of the residence of the governor of the PSUV who said in social networks Zulia nearly 4 million are affected by the actions of smugglers of food. He urged solidarity with the people zuliano.Caracas.- Zulia state governor, Francisco Arias Cardenas said to border smugglers harm people of Zulia. Through his Twitter account @ PanchoArias2012 the regional president said: "Only solidarity will achieve that those who have taken the path of smuggling understand that harm nearly four million zulianos" .The message was published in the midst of a protest that this dawn organized a group called "bachaqueros" (smugglers of food) around the governor's residence. The protesters, who were presented with trucks to lock the tracks, demanding to be allowed to transport food to the governor and early Colombia.M├ís PSUV leader noted, also via Twitter, that "the struggle for order status and resolve the shortage is a hard task that needs the understanding and support of Zulia. "
non-climate		ZULIAMONTOYA: LAWSUIT SEEKS MATURE AND NOT ONLY GOBIERNAEl candidate for mayor of San Francisco, Julio Montoya, led a march to protest against food shortages, insecurity and the cessation of persecution. "This is a protest against the abuses of Maduro and what was their response, repression. He only seeks lawsuit but does not govern," he said.
non-climate		Maracaibo.- main roads of the capital of Zulia woke blocked and burning rubber. Towers In The neighbors and officials Saladillo Regional Police clashed with stones, pellets and tear gas. They report that no official was herido.En Palaima follows the militarization and was closed the passage between the CNE headquarters and Cotorrera. They also placed trash, barbed wire and debris is several stretches of the streets 72, 73,74,76, Indiomara, University Hospital Maracaibo.Para 10 in the morning is planned the march for Human Rights who will start from square Republic to the headquarters of the Public Prosecutor Dr. Portillo.En stops there are hundreds of users stranded before a public transport stop north of Maracaibo.
non-climate		Free the imprisoned students, "I have a right to fight for the welfare of my country" and "The future of Venezuela is in prison" are some of the messages that were in the banners of young people and teachers of the University of Zulia, which is They gathered in the rectory to demand the release of students arrested during the protests and reject the repressive action taken by the state security agencies.
non-climate		The deputy of the National Legislative Council of Zulia state (CLEZ), Eliseo Fermin gave before the protest of the students of the National University of the Armed Forces of Zulia (UNEF) state who has two days protesting in front of the house of studies by Peter Dean abuses Zalec.Los students denounced the situation of the house of government study, claiming to have kidnapped his companions. "Students of telecommunications systems and have them kidnapped, I say today closed the doors and do not let out, "he said Mar├¡a Mata, engineering student Unefa.Ferm├¡n said that no university can be treated that way because they are the future of Venezuela and are entitled to claim their freedom." The allegations made by young zulianos of abuse , harassment and how they are kept by force in the institution requires the intervention of the authorities, "said diputado.Reprocho measures used to silence the students, who are demanding their constitutional rights; "The testimonies of young people are simply eloquent" added Eliseo Fermin. "I denounce capital Douglas James Varela who attacked us yesterday hit me with stairs just not letting me go to headquarters and no evidence there are videos" (SIC) Miracle said Ariza, chief spokeswoman Instituci├│n.Anunci├│ who is presenting evidence and urge you to recognize that universities are going with an open mind. "That's a university not a barracks for soldiers being treated like" he said the deputy.
non-climate		The deputy of the National Legislative Council of Zulia state (CLEZ), Eliseo Fermin gave before the protest of the students of the National University of the Armed Forces of Zulia (UNEF) state who has two days protesting in front of the house of studies by Peter Dean abuses Zalec.Los students denounced the situation of the house of government study, claiming to have kidnapped his companions. "Students of telecommunications systems and have them kidnapped, I say today closed the doors and do not let out, "he said Mar├¡a Mata, engineering student Unefa.Ferm├¡n said that no university can be treated that way because they are the future of Venezuela and are entitled to claim their freedom." The allegations made by young zulianos of abuse , harassment and how they are kept by force in the institution requires the intervention of the authorities, "said diputado.Reprocho measures used to silence the students, who are demanding their constitutional rights; "The testimonies of young people are simply eloquent" added Eliseo Fermin. "I denounce capital Douglas James Varela who attacked us yesterday hit me with stairs just not letting me go to headquarters and no evidence there are videos" (SIC) Miracle said Ariza, chief spokeswoman Instituci├│n.Anunci├│ who is presenting evidence and urge you to recognize that universities are going with an open mind. "That's a university not a barracks for soldiers being treated like" he said the deputy.
climate		More than 4,000 people remained evacuated today in the Buenos Aires district of La Matanza affected by the storm that struck the metropolitan area, while residents held protests to demand social and helps to repair damaged houses.
climate		Without water, without light and heat too. It was the perfect combination for many Portenos finished making a deposit of today -the cacerolazo 8N- to go to the streets to protest.
climate		Residents of the Capital and Greater Buenos Aires protested yesterday all day by power outages, which affected various areas and neighborhoods. Heat, there were failures in the power supply; pickets in some neighborhoods.
climate		Terrified by the last episodes of insecurity, despite the rain, the residents of New Pompeii held two marches with roadblocks: one at Cobo and Viel, and the other in Daract and Riestra.
climate		Residents and merchants of Buenos Aires neighborhood of Belgrano tonight focused on Blanco Encalada and molds claim with pots and applause the restoration of electrical service that was interrupted last night by the storm, which left 8 dead in Capital and GBA and caused serious material damage
climate		Gualaguaychu.- Gualeguaychu Environmental Citizen Assembly returned this afternoon to march to the General San Martin International Bridge to renew his complaint against Botnia-UPM pulp mill, installed in the Uruguayan city of Fray Bentos.La mobilization occurred at times in heavy rain, in spite of which about two thousand demonstrators gathered in the header Argenti
climate		A month after the storm that flooded much of La Plata and left at least 51 dead and destroyed entire houses, the residents of that city decided to focus this afternoon outside City Hall to remember the dead and to voice their complaints through a petition that demanded the "trial and punishment" for policy makers, clarification of the actual number of fatalities, sub
climate		A month after the disaster by the flood of La Plata, neighbors again take to the streets to demand relief effort and works to prevent the disaster from recurring.
climate		The protests from neighbors who until yesterday were still problems in the supply of electricity continued in different neighborhoods of the city and the suburbs, where in some cases, the cuts are kept for five days ago, when I started the heat wave.
climate		Several neighborhood groups cut highways and Dellepiane May 25, the Alsina Bridge and the main avenues and streets of Buenos Aires. Power cuts and take 13 days. And the heat does not loosen.
climate		Another night of sweltering heat and protests in the city. Neighborhood groups performed, as in recent days, protests in different neighborhoods to demand the return of electrical service. In the afternoon, the pickets left the traffic situation of chaos: there were locks on four freeways.
climate		Protest SUPA (Argentine Union of Maritime Workers) yesterday delayed at cruise passengers recover their luggage or pretended to sail in time to start your holiday started last Thursday
climate		Power outages yesterday chain replicated when the heat was installed in the city, from the middle of the morning. Some residents affected by the lack of power cut the traffic in protest in an attempt to achieve that distribution companies addressed their complaints.
climate		In Cordoba, where yesterday made 48,8o 40th with wind chill, the highest temperature in the last decade the intense heat caused numerous cuts in the capital and different parts of the Great Cordoba. Even the Wednesday night several plays of Villa Carlos Paz ended his duties with lanterns and candles, as was the case with Crazy Grimaldi.
climate		Although preventive cuts are announced, in many districts reported that not met the promised replenishment times are too long and unlit. The temperature in the city exceeded yesterday the 38th, with a windchill of 45 Â°. Cerrito neighbors and Avellaneda, in the southwest, picketed on the street claiming the lack of electricity, which is short in that area on Monday.
climate		Just the sweltering be felt a day for residents and businesses in different neighborhoods of the city was left without electric service. Impatient and heated, the affected left their homes to cut streets and protest during the last hours. And although yesterday afternoon the light was restored in some places in the neighborhood of Villa Crespo reigned anger.
climate		Black Rio Chacareros mobilized yesterday at seven National Route 22, which crosses the fruit valley, amid a heavy traffic by the long weekend. It was to demand urgent action to tackle the crisis in the sector caused by the loss of competitiveness and plagued by serious consequences now because of several hail storms that affected the harvest. The protests were concen
climate		A crowd that occupied about 10 blocks concentrated compact front the municipality of La Plata, Plaza Moreno, to express their adherence to the March of Silence. After concentration they marched in the rain, from the Plaza Moreno to the headquarters of the Palace of Justice in the Avenda 13 and 48, seat of the Supreme Court. It was one of the largest demonstrations in
climate		The protesters were complaining about the heat in the mall and its effect on working conditions
climate		The workers protested the conditions in the library, where the heat is very high.
climate		A homeless group has held since 7 am today (24) the building of the Municipal Green and Environment, at Paraiso Street, south of the capital. In the building, about 70 people, according to representatives of the homeless, protesting against the land ownership reintegration in Grajau neighborhood, southern end of the city, which took place a week ago.
climate		About 250 employees of the Department of Water and Sewage Ribeirao Preto (Daerp) crossed their arms this week in protest against the threats they say suffer by residents increasingly disgusted with dry taps.
climate		Hundreds of Mackenzie's law students protested in the morning of Friday, 7 against overcrowding and heat in university classrooms.
climate		The discomfort caused by heat took eight thousand workers of the Rio Grande Shipyard strike in gaucho city of Rio Grande.
climate		Workers manufactures Intral reactors, in Caxias do Sul, in the Serra Gaucha, paralyzed its activities to demand that the company take steps to face the heat in its industrial pavilion, on Wednesday, 12.
climate		Students of the Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Recife, made a humorous act to protest the heat in classrooms.
climate		Several dozen people staged incident this morning in the Aurora of Chile population in Concepcion, after an activity related to the commemoration of the earthquake and tsunami of 27-F. The riots started near midnight in that sector of the city after a ceremony held by residents, according to Radio Bio-Bio. About 60 participants in the action erected barricades and cl
climate		This Saturday have developed several events in memory of the 45 conscripts who died in the storm of the volcano located in the Biobio. From 19:00, relatives and authorities conduct an velatÃ³n.
climate		Charge that they have been "abandoned" by the central government and medical specialists require the reconstruction of schools damaged by the earthquake, subsidies for energy and resources for the social and environmental damage suffered by the city.
climate		This after this morning, twenty neighbors of said housing complex commune protested with banners to denounce that there are five buildings that are still not repaired after the earthquake in February 2010.
climate		Nnas 200 persons of the population of Alto Hospicio Las Dunas, affected by the earthquake of April 1, last night blocked the road connecting that commune to Iquique.
climate		A group of homeless people staying in shelters in Iquique Stadium after the earthquake that shook the north of the country staged demonstrations during Wednesday night against the sports arena.
climate		Despite the rain, about 5,000 people marched through the main streets of Villavicencio in defense of water and against seismic and exploration work to be done in the piedmont plains.
climate		The sweltering heat, rain and cold nights have not been so complicated in the hundred days of protest that full community on Thursday to prevent oil exploration in the well Lorito 1, Guamal rural area.
climate		The incident occurred Tuesday during the afternoon when a mob, apparently affected by the rainy season of 2010-2011, ended with the physical plant of the Municipality and burned a vehicle.
climate		Parents and students of this school, one of the oldest and recognized the municipality, asking that their children take classes better equipped classrooms, because the mobile classrooms that sent the SEV are inadequate; the heat is contained and have no ventilation.
climate		A group of about 200 people belonging to different communities, blocked the road in La Piedad-Numaran 4.5 kilometer short of La Piedad, require the activities of a pet food company is controlled, since it has long accused viscera and burn process which causes a strong foul odor.
climate		Inhabitants of the Reserve colony Tronconal rallied and made a sit in the municipality of Xalapa to report that after the damages left by the tropical storm Barry, municipal authorities, has not come close to providing any form of support, whether economic or material.
climate		Rains and strong winds caused by tropical storm "Ingrid" in Veracruz territory did not prevent teachers from different municipalities undertake demonstrations, block access to airport Canticas taken in Minatitlan and maintain educational and union offices.
climate		About 20 homeowners who lost their businesses by rain storm Manuel showed up to protest the state government has not given them the help they promised
climate		Monday morning November 18, hundreds of flood victims of 14,15 and 16 September installed a sit at the left end of the central plaza First Congress of Anahuac
climate		For four hours a group of people affected by Tropical Storm Manuel blocked the Boulevard of Nations in Promotora Turistica (Protur) Guerrero government to demand the delivery of the card support to household goods SEDESOL.
climate		Metlatonoc indigenous protest in the offices of the federal Social Development Secretariat demanding with them props because the storm Manuel suffered severe damage and the federal agency have done to them.
climate		Residents of rural communities in the coastal town of San Jeronimo, kept locked federal Acapulco-Zihuatanejo highway from eight in the morning to demand the delivery of the support of SEDESOL to victims of the storm Manuel.
climate		At least 70 owners of trucks and heavy machinery demanded payment of 3.5 million pesos that owes the city of Chilpancingo, after they worked for two months in the dredging of the colonies and communities that remained incommunicado during Tropical Storm Manuel .
climate		A group of 40 families install a sit at the official residence Casa Guerrero, demanding to be relocated because they completely lost their homes during rainfall from Tropical Storm Manuel.
climate		The Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Guerrero (APPG) partially blocking the Autopista del Sol to claim the attention of more than five thousand victims of the tropical storm Manuel, since four months of natural contingency still are uncertain about their relocation.
climate		Demand delivery of goods cards. Four months after the storm 'Manuel' And the effects of hurricane 'Ingrid', saying "we have not received anything."
climate		Residents of the community of Alcholoa that were affected by the storm Manuel blocked the federal Acapulco-Zihuatanejo highway to demand that the state and federal governments cards for household appliances
climate		15 inhabitants of marginalized mountain communities affected by Tropical Storm Manuel, protested to demand the rehabilitation and construction of roads that were fractured.
climate		Affected by Tropical Storm 'Manuel' march from downtown to the official residence Chilpancingo Guerrero home, upset about the camp that they applied delegates federal and state agencies, with whom enter into a dialogue on the process of reconstruction taking place in the city.
climate		Residents of Puerto Marques affected by Tropical Storm Manuel demonstrated yesterday to request a hearing with the government to help them to be relocated for fear of being hit again
climate		Led by Gumaro Gomez Guerrero, members of the Coordination of neighborhoods and communities affected by the tropical storm reached the curtain of the dam to request that workers stop the routing of metal tend on the main spillway.
climate		Affected by Tropical Storm 'Manuel' in the county seat of Tixtla they marched to demand the construction of a controlled channel, same as avoid a flood like the one that caused the overflow from the Black Lagoon in September 2013.
climate		Families affected by tropical storm "Manuel" protested in the streets of this city and Tixtla humanitarian aid and to demand that the authorities speed up reconstruction
climate		Neighbors Valley Real fractionation protest because for seven months without drinking water. Also they ask for the rehabilitation of a bridge that was destroyed by Tropical Storm Manuel
climate		They affected by the rains of Tropical Storm Manuel in Tixtla blocked one lane of the road Chilpancingo-Chilapa, demanding that governments return the comprehensive project for the Black Lagoon
climate		Galeana inhabitants of the colony, located on the north side of Chilpancingo river blocked roads to demand cleanup Huacapa canyons that flooded their homes during rainfall from Tropical Storm Manuel.
climate		Affected by Tropical Storm Manuel again they blocked the road Chilpancingo-Chilapa in demand that the National Water Commission informs them that project exists to control the levels of the Black Lagoon
climate		Victims of Tropical Storm Manuel blocked the federal-Chilpancingo Tlapa road exigenuna dialogue table with the National Water Commission for the construction of a channel controlled
climate		Official unions, independent, social organizations and victims of the tropical storm Manuel marched in Chilpancingo to commemorate International Labor Day.
climate		one of the mountain communities of Guerrero affected by the storm Manuel protested in Chilpancingo by the slowness of the reconstruction of their homes because they are still living under canvas roofs.
climate		Affected by Tropical Storm 'Manuel' marched in the streets of Chilpancingo, they require the reconstruction of at least two thousand houses and relocation of villages in the mountains, including San Vicente.
climate		Monday was a day of protests. The San Miguel Totolapan displaced by violence and residents of San Juan del Reparo demand the reconstruction of homes and schools damaged by tropical storm Manuel
climate		Peasant and social organizations took office for his indifference to the effects, still visible and latent, Tropical Storm Manuel.
climate		A total of 300 members of the organization "Antorcha Campesina" demonstrated outside the Government Palace in Coahuila and demanded an audience with the Governor Ruben Moreira Valdez. They want to make you aware of the situation of five thousand union members across the state affected by the atypical rains in March and ask for their support to address this situation.
climate		Block C officials of the Municipality of Asuncion demonstrate with banners for not having air conditioners that work. They point out that the heat inside the building is unbearable and refuse to work under these conditions
climate		San Ignacio, Misiones. From 11:00 until noon the peasants completely closed Route 1, causing queues of vehicles on both sides and creating trouble for carriers because a day of intense heat was recorded.
climate		About a hundred people demonstrated yesterday at noon in the Rotunda of San Bernardino beach, to require the national authorities more action and fewer meetings around the issue of Lake Ypacarai. "Now we do not care who, where, why and where the lake, there will be time soon to prosecute perpetrators was contaminated. What matters now is that action be taken to solve
climate		Residents of the neighborhood Cuatro Vientos This district Itapuami company demonstrated yesterday against the removal of a building of the area, sand for sale, because they ensure that transporters destroy roads and after each rain remain incommunicado because the units of public passenger transport can not pass through the track.
climate		A group of people affected by the storm last weekend in Aregua was manifested in the afternoon of Wednesday closing streets and seeking a response to the municipal authorities.
climate		Employees of the City of Ayolas, who are not paid for over 4 months its assets, emplaced until tomorrow the mayor, Professor Nelson Delvalle (ANR) for the institution to meet its obligations, otherwise officials and initiate an laborers indefinite strike in front of the community center, said Miguel Olmedo, official of the Municipality.
climate		Finally, the Senate failed to address the issue of the education sector pension system, because when the subject was mentioned, the session for lack of quorum was raised. Specifically, the Colorados were senators who requested more time to study the project. Teachers do not rule out taking a new measure of strength to demand the approval of the law.
climate		Officials of the juvenile courts demonstrated yesterday in the judicial halls of the first floor of the north tower, overwhelmed by the intense heat that affects the courts for lack of air conditioner.
climate		With signs such as "We want roads", "No more lies", "We Paraguayans", "We want to repair roads and the bridgehead," protesters gathered at the bridge located on Yabebyry stream to claim once more routes all while allowing them to leave the isolation suffered after each rain. The demonstrators expressed their tired closure in which they are in all seasons: in the dry
climate		Posted "We want roads", "coarse lie", "we are oaraguayos" and other protesters gathered at the bridge located on Yabebyry stream, to claim once more by the tracks of all time.
climate		The peasants marched through the city streets to the museum of the Cabildo, called all-weather roads to facilitate the movement of goods for marketing. Speakers said they were tired of seeing the minister Jorge Gattini by TV channels talking about projects that never materialize in the area. They stressed that the Secretary of State did not deign to come to Neembucu
climate		With posters and banners in hand, more than 60 young people from the Redoubt and Nu Pora, San Lorenzo, neighborhoods closed yesterday Route 1 and Avenue Victoria to require municipal authorities and the Ministry of Public Works (MOPC), between alia, the construction of storm drain on the busy Via, which becomes chaotic with each rain.
climate		From 16 pm yesterday and indefinitely, the main divisions of the National Directorate of Environment (DINAMA) of the Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and Environment (MVOTMA) do not process any environmental authorization to companies that need that guarantee. The decision was taken at a meeting held yesterday by a group of directors of the Division of Dinama up
climate		A group of students from universities and communities of Barinas state went to the headquarters of Corpoelec, located in the cuatricentenaria Avenue, to protest the 21 days of rationing and blackouts that occur in the manifestation entidad.El spokesman, Lennar Garcia , member of the United Active Youth Movement Venezuela, said that the national government can not giv
climate		Inhabitants of Guanare in Portuguesa state, blockaded roads and burned tires to protest once more and simultaneously the Thursday night, in various sectors such as entrance to the neighborhood Temaca progress, heroes and the Simon Bolivar Avenue and Avenue principal of La Pastora. They also said last week. They said that although CORPOELEC in the state announced an i
climate		Workers Network immediate attention Citizen of Civil Protection (RAIC) protested yesterday Sucre state, near the headquarters of the Interior, for the shortcomings of the teams in the institution, as well as debt and other labor liabilities beneficios.Juan Munos, union general secretary of the RAIC, I regret that were not attended by Governor Luis Acuna, and expresse
climate		A drought of six weeks in the Achilles Nazoa community, parish Las Brisas Cristobal Rojas Township, residents mutinied, who yesterday morning blocked the way in Charallave Caracas highway to demand solutions to the Hidrocapital and alcaldia.A 9:00 a.m. protesters crossed rubbers, blocks and branches of dry trees on road artery. At press time the neighbors had raised
climate		Paraiso Azul in the sector, in Carayaca, Catia La Mar parish, neighbors yesterday prevented the transit by road for three hours, from 7:00 am, forcing many users to walk to get to their jobs or do proceedings. Residents complained that three months have elapsed since the channeling of rainwater and the construction of the alternative pathway have not been informed of
climate		Obelisk of San Cristobal in a group of opposition he met to reject the revocation of immunity Mardo and also by the scarcity and economic debacle in which they said the participants, Nicolas Maduro's government has plunged the country.The leader Daniel Ceballos showed the pockets of his pants contentivos papers were saying "homeland". "In the pockets of Tachira nothi
climate		Members of 85 families residing in the upper section Radar took the main street of Playa Verde to protest the lack of water, for 21 days it causes the liquid does not reach their homes. "We we provided only with tanks submitted to us every 15 days, for when the service supply pipe has no strength to get up. In this situation took four months," said neighbor Frelvi Ro
climate		History repeats itself. Maira Caicedo said three hours of heavy rain were enough for the streets and houses were flooded in the sector. Yesterday, at the stadium, the neighbors were removing the mud, and small bilge pumps drew water from viviendas.Jose Santiago Ramos, a resident of the area, said it is the third time something similar happens in the sector because th
climate		By the enactment of the Municipal Decree No. 011 which forces since last Aug. 15, a thousand 200 workers in the informal economy to the center of Maracay to leave the city streets and be relocated in six municipal markets, a group of hawkers It remains in protest because the assigned cubicles have structural faults. According to traders in conflict, specifically the
climate		Thursday from 6:00 am, fishermen and residents of Rio Seco, in Falcon state, blockaded for several hours the Falcon-Zulia State Road to demand the restoration of water and electricity services, and to reject the draft pipes underwater built by PDVSA. Corpoelec workers reported that Rio Seco is one of the sectors that has been directly affected by the blackout that wa
climate		Falcon-Lara closed for 5 days without light sticks and machetes in hand, residents of a rural community in the municipality Falcon closed vehicular traffic in the Falcon-Lara national protest bearing five days without light. 2:00 pm last service was restored and the road was clear. "Since Thursday evening the service was discontinued, we thought it was programmed rat
climate		Merida experienced periods ranging from three to five hours in the dark, during the blackout that affected 10 states of Venezuela on Monday night. The most affected municipalities were Libertador and Campo Elias Alberto Adriani, where lack of electricity not only affect trade and routine Merida, but it sparked through social networks inseguridad.A the inhabitants of
climate		Caracas The main entrance of the Santa Maria University was closed by dental students protesting campus because everything has already agua.La twelve days without protest, which started around ten o'clock, it was initiated by students dentistry, for failing to attend are there between 200 and 300 patients of the popular sectors due to lack of water. Over time they ha
climate		They merida.- several days without gas Merida desperate some people in the morning of Monday stationed outside the headquarters of PDV Gas Comunal located in the El Salado, municipality of Campo Elias principle Merida.En been made a row with its respective cylinders 10 kilos waiting to be served, but to the lack of response and the closed doors of the company, more t
climate		Barinas.- From 7:00 Thursday morning, residents of the neighborhood Three Sector First Barinas December, took the Agustin Codazzi Avenue, at the height of the Maternity Hospital, to demand answers after 12 HIDROANDES slogans days without supply via agua.Con and in full, at the intersection where the traffic light is located, 250 people, approximately hoped the presen
climate		In the warehouse of Las Adjuntas Pharmalogical Service (Sefar) live, for the last 4 years, 17 families left homeless after the rains emergency 2010. protested yesterday to demand the allocation of housing. Each "Housing Thursday" as the government calls the day of delivery of the Mission Housing apartments receive a new promise. "We had a policy that every week godmo
climate		Crossing the Teques.- gas cylinders on public roads neighbors protest Wednesday morning Bertorelli Cisneros Avenue in Los Teques, preventing vehicular traffic to take the path to connect to the Panamerican highway and go to the passenger terminal's Lagos.Este year have developed more than ten similar events in the area in protest of the deficiencies in the service of
