climate		To protest water shortage, residents of Talara in the Negritos District arm themselves with sticks and stones and block off almost twenty kilometres of the Panamrica Norte, a major highway in the region. Police are greeting with a shower of stones and respond with teargas.
non-climate		With locks at the entrances to the capital, at strategic points in the city and in the interior routes, the CTA dissident who heads Paul Micheli, takes a new national strike against the government, but without the participation of the opposition CGT Hugo Moyano .
non-climate		With locks at the entrances to the capital, at strategic points in the city and in the interior routes, the CTA dissident who heads Paul Micheli, takes a new national strike against the government, but without the participation of the opposition CGT Hugo Moyano .
non-climate		With locks at the entrances to the capital, at strategic points in the city and in the interior routes, the CTA dissident who heads Paul Micheli, takes a new national strike against the government, but without the participation of the opposition CGT Hugo Moyano .
non-climate		The people marched at midday yesterday and last night. They requested justice for the murder of a teenager attacked while waiting for the bus.  This is the 18th murder in the province in 36 days. 
non-climate		The province of Buenos Aires was virtually paralyzed yesterday marches, roadblocks, pickets at the entrances to major cities and a 48-hour strike that affected classes of 4.5 million students and suspended activity hospitals, courts and other agencies of government in Buenos Aires.  They are protesting  the change of bonus payments in installments.
non-climate		The province of Buenos Aires was virtually paralyzed yesterday marches, roadblocks, pickets at the entrances to major cities and a 48-hour strike that affected classes of 4.5 million students and suspended activity hospitals, courts and other agencies of government in Buenos Aires. They are protesting  the change of bonus payments in installments.
non-climate		The province of Buenos Aires was virtually paralyzed yesterday marches, roadblocks, pickets at the entrances to major cities and a 48-hour strike that affected classes of 4.5 million students and suspended activity hospitals, courts and other agencies of government in Buenos Aires. They are protesting  the change of bonus payments in installments.
non-climate		2,000 people demonstrated last night in front of the Municipality of Lans, demanding greater security.
non-climate		Quequn residents protested claiming autonomy, demonstrated on Route 2.
non-climate		Students blocked Corrientes Avenue  to reiterate the rejection of curricular reform at the national level of technical education.
non-climate		A protest of Malvinas veterans complicated traffic on Avenida 9 de Julio demandin to be recognized as veterans of the Falklands.
climate		Amid the flood, residents of a poor neighborhood entered the complex to blame the flood Dot suffering. Some premises were closed and customers were trapped.
non-climate		Following the cuts, residents of different neighborhoods staged protests demanding the return of the service, as in Flores, where they cut the transit Directory and Pederson, and in Villa Martelli, where traders dumped goods into disrepair for lack of electricity .
climate		Tired of repeated blackouts, the residents of Villa Crespo cut yesterday afternoon Scalabrini Ortiz street, at the height of Murillo. They claim that since November last year have suffered interruptions in electrical service.
non-climate		The root of the conflict is that the staff of the Secretariat of Environment and Public Space Buenos Aires Yesterday the placement of the fence to make improvements to the property and combat insecurity in the area, as indicated. Puesteros neighbors and began a protest yesterday around 20 yesterday in the streets and Diaz Velez Leopoldo Marechal, claiming "no" have been "consulted" on the fence, neither had received "notice" by the city government.
non-climate		The root of the conflict is that the staff of the Secretariat of Environment and Public Space Buenos Aires Yesterday the placement of the fence to make improvements to the property and combat insecurity in the area, as indicated. Puesteros neighbors and began a protest yesterday around 20 yesterday in the streets and Diaz Velez Leopoldo Marechal, claiming "no" have been "consulted" on the fence, neither had received "notice" by the city government.
non-climate		A group of demonstrators cut this morning in full Camino del Buen Ayre, at the height of Jose Leon Suarez, producing long delays in zona.La protest began after 8.30 and was conducted by a group of people who intended to occupy some land alongside the highway, according to court sources said policiales.Debido, income from Panamericana was closed and was only enabled del Buen Ayre stretch leading from Route 8 to Highway Oeste.Agentes of the Buenos Aires Police and mobile traffic were restricted areas to try to redirect the traffic to alternative roads.
non-climate		Along with representatives of Human Rights, as Adolfo Perez Esquivel, settled in Plaza de Mayo; They intended to deliver a petition to Cristina Kirchner
non-climate		Around 8:40, about 150 residents of the town 31 interrupted circulation in the busy streets of Ramón Castillo and Antarctica Argentina, in Buenos Aires Low. They belong to different cooperatives that rely on city government and demanding the final payment of the works of improvement of public spaces made in recent months in the neighborhood.
non-climate		A subway line was interrupted for three hours, following a complaint of outsourced workers in the Miserere station.
non-climate		The group march towards the Ministry of Labour. The cut does not affect the Metrobus service. The Alem and Córdoba avenues have collapsed.
non-climate		A protest Intercargo affected staff this morning LAN scheduled flights from Aeroparque Metropolitano. The claim does not affect flights departing from Ezeiza.
non-climate		Candidates for deputies of the Civic and Social Progressive Front led a claim against drug trafficking and corruption, along with a long list of leaders. Jairo was also the singer.
climate		The residents of the town made 31 claiming a storm work. There are strong complications for transit.
non-climate		The announced departure of caceroleros called for last night had a low turnout, both in the area of ​​the Obelisk as in some cities inside the country, which sought to commemorate the anniversary of the mass protests of 2012 8-N against the government national.
climate		After the picket affecting nearly nine hours Monday Illia Highway, the inhabitants of the Villa 31 yesterday cut the railroad San Martin, demanding water, electricity, land for housing and construction materials.
climate		Power outages in Capital and Greater Buenos Aires met six days. And with the lack of service this afternoon new neighbors protests in different corners of the city are recorded. Users also turned to social networks to express their anger against the concessionaires and the Government. Thus, Facebook and Twitter complaints multiply.
non-climate		At the corner of Directors and Lautaro, Flores, neighbors came out last night to complain.
climate		Residents without power cut tracks Sarmiento in Floresta
climate		In the long list of those affected by the power failure last night joined the inhabitants of the Villa 21 the neighborhood of Barracas, which took their protest to the doors of the printing plants of Clarin and La Nacion, delaying his departure .
non-climate		Independent activists Justice and Dignity Movement (MIJD), led by Raul Castells, occupied the area this afternoon ATM of a bank located in front of Plaza de Mayo, where they perform a hunger strike.
climate		Faced with a new outage, dozens of residents of Chas Park and Agronomy came together last night around 22, to protest against the minister's house. Under the luvia, they made a pot-banging and burned tires, demanding the lack of supply.
non-climate		Peddlers Near Once this afternoon blocked the intersection of Avellaneda and Sarmiento, in the neighborhood of Once, after starring in a series of incidents with the Metropolitan to resist eviction from their posts Police, triggering the arrest of eight people and injuring an officer of the force.
non-climate		Current Kirchner Peronist militants Descamisados ​​concentrated today in front of the gates of Disco supermarket located in the neighborhood of Congress to enforce Prices Care program before a course gondola missing product
non-climate		Meanwhile, yesterday the Cirigliano brothers were the subject of allegations during a picket. At least 70 employees of Railway Undertakings (Emfer) and automotive terminal TATSA, companies Mario and Claudio Cirigliano, kept cut traffic from 7.30 am for two hours at the intersection of Avenida General Paz and Migueletes, to claim the payment of owed wages and vacation. Workers denounced the "hollowing out" of the companies.
non-climate		In Buenos Aires the rallying point was the Plaza de Mayo and the nearly 150,000 demonstrators then marched to the Plaza where an act of Congress involved various organizations and growers of cannabis users, different associations for the defense was made civil and legislators of different political forces, including rights, the national deputy for the Left Front, Nicolas Cano.
non-climate		In Buenos Aires the rallying point was the Plaza de Mayo and the nearly 150,000 demonstrators then marched to the Plaza where an act of Congress involved various organizations and growers of cannabis users, different associations for the defense was made civil and legislators of different political forces, including rights, the national deputy for the Left Front, Nicolas Cano.
non-climate		Relatives and neighbors of the girl three years the last Sunday died after being hit by a bus line 12 in the neighborhood of Barracas vandalized cars and threw stones at the terminal of the company in that area of ​​the city, when they are seeking justice and demanded a response from the company.
climate		A group of 31 residents of the town this morning remained cut for four hours Illia highway to demand the lack of power and water.
non-climate		Student groups demanded outside the headquarters of the United States Chamber of Commerce to demand to be reinstated the dismissed workers in the auto parts
non-climate		With precision and alarm parents of several private schools located in the heart of Buenos Aires neighborhood of Caballito they reported thefts suffered by their children in the way they do from home to school. The facts have been many so far this year than adults believed it was time to be heard (again): why yesterday cut Rivadavia Avenue, at the height of Emilio Mitre, to demand greater police surveillance in the area .
non-climate		With precision and alarm parents of several private schools located in the heart of Buenos Aires neighborhood of Caballito they reported thefts suffered by their children in the way they do from home to school. The facts have been many so far this year than adults believed it was time to be heard (again): why yesterday cut Rivadavia Avenue, at the height of Emilio Mitre, to demand greater police surveillance in the area .
climate		We want light. So is the repeated claim of the locals every time the thermometer exceeds 30 degrees. Yesterday, it was the neighbors who decided to cut Caballito an avenue after spending more than 30 hours without water or electricity. In addition, the night before last inhabitants of Villa Crespo mobilized, tired of suffering power cuts at least twice a week
non-climate		We want light. So is the repeated claim of the locals every time the thermometer exceeds 30 degrees. Yesterday, it was the neighbors who decided to cut Caballito an avenue after spending more than 30 hours without water or electricity. In addition, the night before last inhabitants of Villa Crespo mobilized, tired of suffering power cuts at least twice a week
non-climate		Tired by the lack of response from the company providing the service, in recent days affected users decided to go out and demonstrate. Today, from the 18, they are blocked sections of Bernardo de Irigoyen, between Avenida Juan de Garay and Avenida Caseros and Tacuari, between Garay and Avenida Brasil. The area was a mess last night transit. The same happened on Thursday.
non-climate		Tired by the lack of response from the company providing the service, in recent days affected users decided to go out and demonstrate. Today, from the 18, they are blocked sections of Bernardo de Irigoyen, between Avenida Juan de Garay and Avenida Caseros and Tacuari, between Garay and Avenida Brasil. The area was a mess last night transit. The same happened on Thursday.
non-climate		A strike of employees of the company this morning Intercargo affected flights of commercial airlines operating in the metropolitan airport "Jorge Newbery" and Ezeiza International Airport.
non-climate		About a hundred residents marched yesterday in Jose C. Paz to demand justice for the murder of Daiana and security in the area.
non-climate		Tonight marched to demand justice for the murder of a neighbor. By insecurity, they blocked the passage in five blocks to limit the movement of vehicles.
climate		Is the district of the suburbs most affected by the storm; There were picket up without power in Virrey del Pino and La Plata
non-climate		Front Teachers Guild with your complaint to the authorities of the Province of Buenos Aires, La Plata
climate		Is the district of the suburbs most affected by the storm; There were picket up without power in Virrey del Pino and La Plata
non-climate		Just yesterday, members of the union and the Central of Argentine Workers (CTA) -cercana the national government mobilized to the House of the Province of Buenos Aires to demand bigger budget, better tax reform, more distribution of wealth and investment in education.
non-climate		Friends and neighbors of Noelia Akrap, the teenager found murdered yesterday in Quilmes, tried to attack this afternoon, a young man arrested for the crime. The people, mostly young, pounced on the police cars when the suspect was taken from his home to a police station. After the move, protesters stoned the house of the arrested, appropriated DyN.
non-climate		Relatives and friends of victims of acts of insecurity in Quilmes last night cut the central corner of Rivadavia and Yrigoyen, demanding justice and greater vigilance.
non-climate		A convoy of more than 100 cars driven by residents, local businesses and area yesterday toured different parts of Tigre until the Municipal Palace to reject the implementation of the "road tax".
non-climate		A convoy of more than 100 cars driven by residents, local businesses and area yesterday toured different parts of Tigre until the Municipal Palace to reject the implementation of the "road tax".
non-climate		Delegates from Lear auto parts workers reached an agreement with the company for the reinstatement of the dismissed under the supervision of inspectors from the Ministry of Labour. Thus it arose about an hour ago the partial cut that affected three lanes of the Pan in the town of Pacheco, where the US multinational's plant.
non-climate		It was the third time this week: dismissed from the Lear auto parts workers blocked yesterday morning traffic on Panamericana, at the height of the town of General Pacheco, Tigre, to ask that the rejoin. Shortly after the protest arose, the Justice issued an injunction states that today must return to their posts. If you do not leave, they warned, they will again take similar measures.
non-climate		After a break of a few weeks, a group of workers in the auto parts company Lear again protested on the Panamerican highway at kilometer 31.5, in General Pacheco. They were released as a single two-lane expressway that, in his hand the north, there was great difficulty in moving. And there were also delays in the opposite hand. Earlier, in the peak time of entry to the city, there was up to 7 kilometers of tail.
non-climate		There was a march of residents against the government, convened from social networks. The crimes occurred in just three days and no arrests. In addition, there were several violent assaults.
non-climate		To this afternoon joined a protest of neighbors organized through social networks, which remained cut key arteries that connect the neighborhoods of Comodoro as the Camino del Centenario, an alternative road linking the south of the city north and .
non-climate		To this afternoon joined a protest of neighbors organized through social networks, which remained cut key arteries that connect the neighborhoods of Comodoro as the Camino del Centenario, an alternative road linking the south of the city north and .
non-climate		The woman mom said the former husband "beat steadily" and that "no orders not controlled approach." Along with several members of the Aboriginal community of Lago Rosario held a march, "so who killed not go free" and that "justice is done".
non-climate		Traffic remained totally cut this afternoon in the neighborhood of Congress, due to a manifestation of social organizations.
non-climate		The neighbors later cut the highway Córdoba - Carlos Paz; Last night more than a thousand residents demonstrated outside police headquarters; they charged to the former husband of the woman for the murder.
non-climate		In the city of Buenos Aires, dissident sectors of the CTERA, enrolled in the National Federation of Teachers marched yesterday from Congress to Plaza de Mayo to demand the reopening of the joint discussion and the convening of a national strike of teachers.
non-climate		The cut on Route 34, which had isolated the provincial north, was raised this afternoon. "This court was very controversial," he complained the mayor Llaya. "We did a house to house survey and can assure you that those who were in the path was not people who needed, but some live to exploit the situation to bring water to his mill," the village head shot.
non-climate		The protest erupted in Joaquín V. González after DNA testing further commit the accused; neighbors tried to burn their homes, but a police operation prevented
non-climate		Ecological organization members demonstrated against the governor by clearing performed in Salta
non-climate		In the city of Buenos Aires, dissident sectors of the CTERA, enrolled in the National Federation of Teachers marched yesterday from Congress to Plaza de Mayo to demand the reopening of the joint discussion and the convening of a national strike of teachers.
non-climate		Outraged by the lack of progress of the court case, relatives, friends and neighbors recalled yesterday at 22 dead Tragedy
non-climate		Yesterday was the deadline for mandatory conciliation without agreement and began a work stoppage in the complex comprising cereal Cargill Villa Gobernador Galvez-Punta Alvear.
non-climate		Germán de los Santos, the correspondent of the NATION in this city, was threatened by narcos groups last week. The warning was death in a criminal notice that national and provincial officials considered credible. So Rosario journalists gathered outside the government headquarters in this city, where yesterday, in another sign of the violence in the streets, was murdered a woman who had denounced drug traffickers in his neighborhood.
non-climate		In the city of Buenos Aires, dissident sectors of the CTERA, enrolled in the National Federation of Teachers marched yesterday from Congress to Plaza de Mayo to demand the reopening of the joint discussion and the convening of a national strike of teachers.
non-climate		Police Tierra del Fuego yesterday joined the protests that have taken place in domino effect across the country due to wage nonconformity and working conditions in which they find themselves.
non-climate		The rape of a 13 year old girl unleashed the fury of neighbors in a rural town Tucuman who took to the streets and set fire to a police station to protest the way he acted after learning police abuse. It happened in Colombres, 30 kilometers east of the capital, where some 5,000 people live, and until last night had not arrested in the case.
non-climate		The government and the unions rejected the compulsory conciliation issued the Labor Ministry.
non-climate		In the Plaza Murillo in La Paz, two groups of journalists from different news agencies protested the lawsuit instituted by the government against three media agencies. These groups are accused of distorting Morales statements in order to provoke racism and discrimination.
non-climate		The parents of children killed last year in Realengo staged a demonstration to show solidarity with the American victims
non-climate		On Monday, in protest, at least 70 hospitals in the country suspended the service elective (scheduled procedures or surgeries), keeping only the ER (PS) open.
non-climate		In Manaus, the March family brought together 30 demonstrators.
non-climate		Federal police have paralyzed services in two states on Thursday, according to the National Federation of Federal Police (Fenapef). According to the representation of a category, agents, clerks and papiloscopistas paralyzed services in Bahia and Maranhão throughout the day.
non-climate		Just over 30 young people gathered today in front of Shopping Iguatemi - noble district of Brasilia, protesting forces of racism and discrimination.
non-climate		In Manaus, the March family brought together 30 demonstrators.
non-climate		President Dilma Rousseff signed yesterday without vetoes, the new law on truckers. This, however, did not end the protests, especially in the South - and a group began to arrive in Brasilia for a major demonstration.
non-climate		The suspension of the session was motivated by the interference of the galleries - with shouts, applause and slogans against the government.
non-climate		Following similar demonstrations unions occurred in other Brazilian cities, New Center, Union Force, Central General of Workers of Brazil (CGTB) and the Trade Union and Popular Central (CSP) organized act today in front of the Finance Ministry in Brasilia, to demand the repeal of Provisional Measures 664 (death pension and sickness) and 665 (unemployment insurance, salary bonuses and insurance closed), announced at the end of the year.
non-climate		During the protest, demonstrators stopped bus and guided the output drivers and passengers.
non-climate		Peasant women occupied in the morning (9), a unit of Bunge, a multinational agribusiness in the municipality of Luziânia Goiás, 60 kilometers from Brasilia
non-climate		Federal police have paralyzed services in two states on Thursday, according to the National Federation of Federal Police (Fenapef). According to the representation of a category, agents, clerks and papiloscopistas paralyzed services in Bahia and Maranhão throughout the day.
non-climate		The reason is the same that led residents of Sahara to interdict the 450 km of the BR-381, the highway stretch between Belo Horizonte and the Holy Spirit. According to the PRF, about 100 demonstrators protested in place. Police negotiated the release of the tracks, which was unoccupied at around 13h. The transit, however, great congestion recorded both directions.
climate		About 300 indigenous people and environmentalists protested against the construction of Belo Monte hydroelectric dam in Altamira, PA. The demonstration occurred about 50 kilometers from the county seat, in the area known as a cofferdam, a kind of earth dam built on the Xingu River Consortium Builder Belo Monte.
non-climate		Indians from various ethnic groups, from five municipalities, occupied the Special Secretariat of Indigenous Health (SESA), in Belém (PA), to demand better conditions in health care for indigenous and also medicines.
climate		He asks for help to those affected by drought in the city of Pedra Branca, Paraiba
non-climate		From Monday on strike, employees who work in the electrical part of the work on the Arena da Baixada can return to work after the CAP S / A has promised to pay off the wages that are late.
non-climate		Residents and merchants of Angra dos Reis, in the Fluminense Green Coast, are promoting a demonstration on the afternoon of Tuesday to ask for more security.
non-climate		Workers who work in the construction of the petrochemical complex in Itaboraí (Comperj) make a demonstration on the morning of Monday
climate		Residents of Barbuda neighborhood in Niagara Falls, in the Baixada Fluminense, again to protest against the lack of water in the BR-493 highway, on the afternoon of Friday.
non-climate		Camping tent, hammock, food and some tracks. This is basically the infrastructure of the protesters since Saturday night, camped outside the building where he lives Rodrigo Neves, Mayor of Niterói, metropolitan region of Rio.
non-climate		No agreement, hundreds of street cleaners protested outside the headquarters of the municipal government demanding equalization of salaries to the state floor, which is R $ 874.
non-climate		Residents of Green Meadows neighborhood in Nova Iguaçu, which held a demonstration blocking partially the tracks of the BR-465 (formerly Rio-São Paulo) on the afternoon of quinat today.
non-climate		A protest of residents of communities along the BR-040 closed for over three hours the track towards Rio BR-040 (Juiz de Fora - Rio) last night.
non-climate		A protest of residents of communities along the BR-040 closed for over three hours the track towards Rio BR-040 (Juiz de Fora - Rio) last night.
climate		the purpose of the act is to sensitize President Dilma Rousseff for her to veto the bill 2565, which provides for the redistribution of oil royalties.
climate		The residents say that power is out every night and the utility refuses to replace a transformer
non-climate		A group of 150 residents of the Garden, neighboring community to the Botanical Gardens, as well as members of various social movements, demonstration at the Ministry of Finance, at Avenida Presidente Antônio Carlos, in downtown Rio.
non-climate		A young man was injured in the early hours of Sunday, during the protest in front of the Hotel Copacabana Palace, where took place the wedding party of Francisco Feitosa Filho and Beatriz Barata - businessman granddaughter of Jacob Roach, known in the city as the '' bus of the king ''.
non-climate		A group of demonstrators protesting in front of the Town Hall, New Town in the early afternoon of quinta-feira.Um group of demonstrators protesting in front of the Town Hall, New Town, in the early afternoon on Thursday. Due to the act, two Viaduct tracks Marines, meaning Av. Presidente Vargas, came to be closed, but have since been released. There are no information about the reason for the protest.
non-climate		About 50 women protested today (22) because they were not called to fill vacancies in the Military Police (PM). The demonstrators reported that three years ago were approved in corporate public tender and yet were not called.
non-climate		However, the greatest uproar happened earlier, during the first hearing of the CPI of the bus at City Hall. The committee's rapporteur, Teacher Uóston (PMDB), was almost hit by a shoe thrown galleries.
non-climate		About a hundred residents of the favela of Vila Autódromo - treated by the social movements as a kind of symbol of resistance against poor communities removals city - staged a protest on the afternoon of Wednesday in front of the city hall.
non-climate		Manguinhos Complex residents in Benfica, north of Rio, staged a protest this morning against the death of an elderly 81, shot in the Mandela III community on the evening of Wednesday (18).
non-climate		Entities linked to public servants do protest outside the City Council of Rio Chamber on Wednesday.
climate		Guaratiba residents in the West Zone of Rio, make a demonstration in the early hours of Monday, the Road Magarça due to lack of light reaching the region.
non-climate		Manifestation complicates the traffic on Avenida Presidente VargasUma demonstration of about 30 people banned a track side lane Avenida Presidente Vargas, at the time of Republic Square, sense Candelaria. There are no information about the reason for the demonstration.
non-climate		Garis hundreds occupied the front of the City Hall of Rio de Janeiro, downtown, in the late morning Sunday of Carnival (2/3), to protest once again against the minimum wage category, not made payments for overtime, the lack of adequate equipment service and even ask for higher values ​​of meal tickets.
non-climate		A group of about 30 people held a rally in front of City Hall. Still no word on the cause of the protest, but the demonstrators are with bands citing VPAR hand rental company's work and services.
non-climate		About 80 people stopped the two lanes of the road, at the time one of the cashew tree in the community inputs. Protesters call for justice in the case and shout slogans.
climate		Residents of Vila Autódromo, in Barra da Tijuca, in the West Zone of Rio, staged a protest earlier this evening against the removal of families living in areas affected by the urbanization project around the future Olympic Park, under construction on the old ground Autódromo Nelson Piquet.
non-climate		Residents of Morro Peacock promote Pavãozinho today (27) a demonstration at Copacabana Beach to remember the dancer Douglas Rafael da Silva, the DG, who died on the last day 22, during a shootout at the community high.
non-climate		After a legal battle that lasted about 20 years, Caxinguelê Club, built in the area of ​​the Botanical Garden, was dumped by the Union on Monday.
climate		The fight for the right to water in Rocinha, mobilized community residents, the third time in less than two months, in search of regular supply.
non-climate		About 40 employees of municipal and state school systems do a demonstration on Sunday morning, in Madureira Park.
non-climate		Family and friends of Ana Carolina Domingos Cassino, 23, who died on August 17 after waiting 21 hours to perform appendix surgery in Unimed-Rio Hospital, in Barra da Tijuca, staged a protest on Saturday morning, outside the hospital, angry about the death of the young and the lack of positioning of Unimed on the case.
non-climate		The streets of Madurai, in the North Zone of Rio, sunny and colorful dawned on Sunday afternoon. It is practically impossible to go through a street that ends at Avenue Minister Edgard Romero not get carried away with the audience that packs the neighborhood to celebrate the 14th edition of LGBT Parade
non-climate		According to MPs, about 30 people began a protest at Av. Visconde de Niterói, around 6 am, near the block from the community samba school. The protesters tried to close the street and came to react by throwing stones and bottles at police, but were dispersed and no one was injured in action.
climate		A protest by residents on Avenida Brazil, Coelho Neto tall, North Zone against power outage caused panic among motorists driving along the route, in the late afternoon on Thursday.
non-climate		Residents of Rocinha sealed off several roads in a protest against the City Hall late on Wednesday.
non-climate		A group of residents of Jardim Catarina, São Gonçalo, set fire to tires on the track towards the Niterói-Itaboraí Manila highway (BR-101) on the afternoon of Wednesday.
non-climate		During walk yesterday in St. Johns Wood, in the Baixada, Crivella said the Bigfoot attacks are a result of the decay curve you are on.
non-climate		Until 15h today, according to the agency, were recorded 13 locking points in Rio Grande do Sul. According to the balance sheet, the BR-392 was locked at the time of Pelotas, in shamrocks access the Guarani Missions and Cervo Largo and in Rio Grande.
non-climate		Until 15h today, according to the agency, were recorded 13 locking points in Rio Grande do Sul. According to the balance sheet, the BR-392 was locked at the time of Pelotas, in shamrocks access the Guarani Missions and Cervo Largo and in Rio Grande.
non-climate		Around 300 friends and family conducted a silent march that terminated in front of the night club where they plcaced flowers and photos in front of the building gates. 
non-climate		Until 19h30 on Thursday, 20, the military police estimated at about 70,000 the number of demonstrators in the streets of the State of Santa Catarina.
non-climate		Until 19h30 on Thursday, 20, the military police estimated at about 70,000 the number of demonstrators in the streets of the State of Santa Catarina.
non-climate		Until 19h30 on Thursday, 20, the military police estimated at about 70,000 the number of demonstrators in the streets of the State of Santa Catarina.
non-climate		About 80 residents and Ilhabela tour operators, on the northern coast of sao paulo, blocked with jeeps and pickup trucks to enter the road-park which gives access to Castelhanos Beach, the main tourist attraction of the archipelago, in protest against collection rate of R $ 12.
non-climate		About 80 residents and Ilhabela tour operators, on the northern coast of sao paulo, blocked with jeeps and pickup trucks to enter the road-park which gives access to Castelhanos Beach, the main tourist attraction of the archipelago, in protest against collection rate of R $ 12.
climate		After a demonstration on the afternoon of Monday (22), due to the lack of water that the city faces almost a year ago, Itu residents in the interior, expect a City response, which has hosted determination of the Ministry Public to declare a state of emergency. The protest in front of City Hall, ended in uproar, with some participants hurling eggs, tomatoes and stones at the building. Police responded with tear gas.
non-climate		About a thousand people attended the walk thousand people in St. Bernard, which is a tradition of closure of PT campaigns in the ABC Paulista.
non-climate		The feeling of revolt took residents account at the crash site. Residents stormed the line in the Garden Conception, and prevented ALL employees do work to recover network and allow cargo transportation resumed.
non-climate		The residents were evicted by Military Police to make way for a development
climate		About 1,000 people gathered in San Paolo to protest against environmental law changes that they say would increase deforestation in the Amazon
climate		The march of the Movement of People Affected by Dams (MAB) left the Marginal Tiete, São Paulo, around 12pm.
non-climate		The march of the Movement of People Affected by Dams (MAB) left the Marginal Tiete, São Paulo, around 12pm.
non-climate		Military police are at the moment a protest in front of the Bandeirantes Palace, the seat of state government in the neighborhood of Morumbi. They claim better working conditions, change in career path and salary increase.
non-climate		A protest organized by Levante Youth People claiming political reform gathers thousand people at Avenida Paulista, according to the military police.
non-climate		Three residents of Marsilac, neighborhood of São Paulo's south side, chained themselves today (28) in the town hall of São Paulo to claim public transport for the region.
non-climate		Workers Movement members Homeless (MTST) and other socais movements marched and occupied construction headquarters in São Paulo. They are against public spending on the World Cup and consider these companies symbols of these expenditures.
non-climate		Already at the center a group of officials from the Zoonosis Control Center (CCZ) joined with local teachers in front of the Viaduct tea.
non-climate		About 80 doctors and medical students were marched through the central streets of Sorocaba, in the late afternoon of Wednesday (31) in protest against the federal program More Doctors, which provides for the hiring of foreign professionals.
non-climate		About 80 doctors and medical students were marched through the central streets of Sorocaba, in the late afternoon of Wednesday (31) in protest against the federal program More Doctors, which provides for the hiring of foreign professionals.
non-climate		One of the main avenues in the northern part of Sorocaba was blocked with a burning barricade and at least two cars were torched during protest which brought together more than 200 demonstrators on the night of Thursday, 13.
non-climate		Another CDP in the region, the Upper Chapel, also suffered blocking agents and 14 prisoners could not be received.
non-climate		In the city of Tupa, about 100 students gathered at the Flag Square and headed to the entrance of the House. They were protesting against the value of bus fare of R $ 2.30, and corruption.
non-climate		While Rousseff was speaking, a group of about nine medical school students protesting the More Doctors, shouted: "PT, corruption."
non-climate		About 250 people took the road at kilometer 5.5 to prevent passage to the Los Bronces mine, with barricades and protests. Police is in place.
non-climate		From the 23 hours yesterday the North Pacific neighbors Tocopilla sector have been blocked with barricades the road that connects to Iquique in protest.
non-climate		I incident occurred in Ercilla, La Araucania. The writings alluded to the attorney Luis Chamorro, to claim land and the liberation of the Mapuche prisoners.
non-climate		Mapuche group held Saturday a property belonging to a forestry company located in the area of ​​Nueva Imperial, in the region of La Araucanía.
non-climate		At 16:00 hours on Sunday in Colorado Bridge Road G-25, located in the El Manzano of the municipality of San Jose de Maipo, it was called a demonstration against the Alto Maipo hydroelectric project.
climate		Saturday have developed several events in memory of the 45 conscripts who died in the storm of the volcano located in the Biobio. From 19:00, relatives and authorities will conduct a velatón.
non-climate		Osorno Aproleche President Dieter Konow, said the decision "is absolutely out of given historical levels reached price of milk powder worldwide context."
non-climate		03: 00.- Groups of subjects installed barricades and throw stones at vehicles in the area of ​​San Pablo and Lieutenant Cruz, west of Santiago.
climate		A group of neighbors Rungue demonstrated against odors caused by landfills and businesses located in the area.
non-climate		A group of neighbors Rungue demonstrated against odors caused by landfills and businesses located in the area.
non-climate		While the mobilization was done outside the embassy of Venezuela in Chile, within the embassy it was commemorated one year after the failed "attempt to right the overthrow of the constitutionally elected President Nicolas Maduro." About 80 members of the Venezuelan community in Chile Thursday afternoon demonstrated outside the embassy of Venezuela, located in Providence, to commemorate the 40 young students who died during protests against the Venezuelan president, Nicolas mature during 2014.
non-climate		Chilean students have once again taken to the streets of the Chilean capital Santiago to demand education reforms and lower university fees and this time they dressed as superheroes.
non-climate		Private university students held a completely peaceful demonstration in downtown Santiago on 21 June against institutions profiting from higher education
non-climate		Social organizations marched to Providence tonight for the UNICEF headquarters, in support of the community who have taken the seat in demand for the protection of minors Mapuche attacked in recent demonstrations in the Araucania Region.
non-climate		A group of people blocked traffic in both directions on the Avenida Apoquindo to protest the lack of busses in the transit system.
climate		In the same commune, but in the city of Montenegro, they attempted transit cuts and protests occurred last night on Route 5 North in claim odors emanating from the plant Porkland pigs.
climate		Residents of Peñalolén and Queen met again in the sector with the Eastern Vespucci to demonstrate against the construction of the highway Vespucio Oriente. This, despite the fact that the Minister of Public Works, Loreto Silva, announced Thursday that the project will be tendered in two sections, and the first one among El Salto and Prince of Wales will not require expropriation. On the second stage, among Prince of Wales and the Greece-roundabout, Secretary of State said on the occasion that will advance "once we reach an agreement with the affected communities." This last stage has the largest public opposition, then they accuse the measure only delays the uncertainty of a possible expropriation neighbors.
non-climate		A group of residents of Recoleta met Thursday morning at the front of the municipality to hold a demonstration against the mayor Daniel Jadue, because they have decided to end the work that met the surveillance vehicles under the Program Township Public Safety. This would have meant the dismissal of the 21 drivers who fulfilled functions in different shifts to conduct surveillance and support to community management, and to prevent and tackle crimes. For this reason, drivers, accompanied by neighbors and the UDI deputy for the area, Claudia Nogueira, and Councilwoman Maria Ines Cabrera, reported that the determination of the mayor "is a serious matter for our community, because not only leaves us work, but leaves many vulnerable sectors of our community. "
non-climate		Transantiago workers began a strike in the early hours of Thursday. It is the feeder zone B, serving in the northern sector of the metropolitan region. There are five districts affected by the protest trabajadoers where work has stopped 113 of the 120 machines that provide service to communities as Conchali, Quilicura, Huechuraba, Recoleta and Independencia. As indicated by demonstrators, the arrest is carried out by technical faults that occur and buses that have not been resolved by the company, such as lights and brakes in poor condition. Union members argued that their discomfort lies in the notice have been more than eight months from their employers, without getting solutions. According to the twitter account of Transantiago, "at this time out of reinforcement plan is carried" in Zone B buses, while the situation in Santa Marta de Huechuraba terminal returns to normal.
non-climate		A group of residents of the commune of Providence said this morning to demand the construction of a metro station in the intersection of Eliodoro Yanez Pedro de Valdivia. The neighbors claim that the station is part of the future Metro Line 6, which will pass through this district. They argue that this station was provided for in the preliminary draft and then was eliminated due to its high cost. The public demonstration was supported by the mayor of the commune, Josefa Errazuriz, and Council and Nicolas Muñoz Jaime Parada. The mayor told Cooperativa that the measure "would facilitate a lot because we can leave the car at home" and announced that this will be a fight "that give very strong".
climate		Rancagua Express claim that the project is harmful to the people of both communities. The move sparked anger among users of rail service.
non-climate		Violent incidents involving groups of hooded erected barricades are recorded from late Thursday in different parts of Santiago and spread during the early hours of Friday, in actions undertaken under the so-called "Day of the Young Combatant", a day that year a year resulting in riots.
non-climate		About a hundred of Argentine residents in Chile staged a demonstration outside the diplomatic representation of the country in Vicuña Mackenna Avenue, in the downtown area of ​​Santiago.
non-climate		A series of incidents Wednesday night occurred after a group of students from private institutions made an unauthorized Plaza Italia in downtown Santiago demonstration.
non-climate		Carolina Toha met with representatives of the students, who maintain the property taken almost two weeks ago, and am committed to deliver a formal response to their demands
non-climate		The Mayor of Maipú, Christian Vittori (DC), requested the intervention of the Ministry of Transport to mediate the trunk I Transantiago company New Millennium, whose drivers blocked on Monday the whereabouts of street Silva Carvallo, in this commune affecting the circulation of 80 buses.
climate		This after this morning, twenty neighbors of said housing complex commune protested with banners to denounce that there are five buildings that are not repaired after the earthquake in February 2010.
non-climate		At 11.00 am he was begun a new student march that developed with serenity. However, at the end hooded they conducted disturbances that led to police intervention.
non-climate		At 11.00 am he was begun a new student march that developed with serenity. However, at the end hooded they conducted disturbances that led to police intervention.
non-climate		Quinta Normal 37 people arrested for disorder wax 10.20 recorded yesterday. About 80 students from the Liceo National Internship Barros Arana, disrupted vehicular traffic at the intersection of Avenue and Calle Santo Domingo Matucana, installed in the road tires and trash burning.
non-climate		However, one of the points stressed before the start of the forum were the various demonstrations that took place on the outskirts of TVN. Adherents came to the place of Marcel Claude, who installed a projector with speakers and all to see the debate and support their candidate.
non-climate		This morning in Santiago, at the intersection of Alameda and Las Rejas, workers blocked traffic and clashed with police, killing seven detainees. Later in Eleodoro Yanez Marchant Pereira Providencia district, nine people were arrested after staging riots.
non-climate		From 10 this morning is scheduled the demonstration called by the CUT, which will go from the front of the Usach to Heroes Square.
non-climate		This afternoon, a group of people marched along the Alameda demanding justice for Juan Pablo Jimenez, a union leader who died on February 21 following a gunshot wound to the head.
climate		A group of residents protested this Tuesday against a project to destroy an area devoted to green areas in the Conchali.
non-climate		Residents in Chile rose to the Virgin of the hill to reject violence.
non-climate		They shouted "Buses are breastfed, it is our right!" in support of a woman who had to withdraw from a restaurant by Pope give his son less than two months.
non-climate		Just after 7.30 pm today, a group of Special Police Forces evicted a group of 21 families on Friday lifted an illegal camp on municipal land in Barnet. During the procedure, four men and one woman were arrested.
climate		In the sector of parcels with Santa Corina, in the commune of Maipú and close to Villa France, outages are recorded.
non-climate		After students Unab law lay down the demonstrations, various faculties began to hold meetings and discuss their demands.
non-climate		Demand clemency for José Mariano Llancatori, who remains in poor health in jail of Angol.
non-climate		About 40 protesters are calling on the river for their rights to adequate housing.
non-climate		Thousands of people marched for estel Saturday the streets of Santiago to demand respect for sexual diversity, a new version of the march for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex.
climate		Nnas 200 people in the population Dunes Alto Hospicio, affected by the earthquake of April 1, last night blocked the road connecting that commune to Iquique.
non-climate		A group of Bolivian truck this morning blocked the entrance to Terminal Port of Arica, in protest against the alleged suffering delays in loading and unloading operations.
climate		Police in Valparaiso, in Chile, have clashed with demonstrators protesting against government environmental, education and labour policies.
non-climate		As confirmed by Gonzalez in conversation with CNN Chile, a group of 12 workers were arrested while protesting at the terminal.
non-climate		In San Felipe, meanwhile, about 12 police troops had to be admitted to the San Camillo hospital due to injuries caused by stones during clashes with demonstrators.
climate		On the other hand, in the case of Valparaiso, fire victims demonstrated outside the National Congress, because emergency housing that leaks are found.
non-climate		This morning a group of students from the Liceo facilities Cotapos took Guillermo Rivera, Vina del Mar.
non-climate		An injured person left the confrontation that occurred on Tuesday morning at the Bridge of Boyaca in Tunja road from the capital, following clashes between a squadron of ESMAD and hundreds of farmers who are part of the protest movement that seeks to demand better conditions for the performance of their business.
non-climate		The day of protest, promoted by group 'Outraged Colombians', was held on Thursday. Following approval in the municipality of Medellin from the merger between UNE and Millicom
non-climate		Inmates who are in this detention center transition protested serious conditions remain for lack of food, overcrowding remaining and slow the process of moving to other prisons.
non-climate		Two bus routes in the district 13 remain unemployed despite Monday at noon local authorities announced that they had reached an agreement with the company Coonatra
non-climate		To reject the murder of journalist Luis Carlos Cervantes and demand higher security conditions to carry out the profession, journalists staged a sit Antioquia
non-climate		Today, at the opening of Expocamacol, CDO affected protested the lack of solutions.
non-climate		At least 200 students took part in the march to demand budget for public universities confirmed Buitrago Isaac Quintana, head of the Regional Student Broad Mesa Antioquia (Tide).
non-climate		the inhabitants of the neighborhoods mentioned marched through the city streets, demanding a solution to this problem.
non-climate		San Pedro, Marinilla and San Luis are the three municipalities that concentrate the trucking protest on Thursday morning in Antioquia, mobilization adjusting 18 days and it starts to affect the prices of basic necessities. The most complex situation, as confirmed by Major Henry Peralta, police commander of Antioquia road, takes place in San Pedro de los Milagros. There, in one of the municipalities with greater milk production department, a group of carriers since last Wednesday made a blockade at the entrance of the town, preventing the passage of about 80 trucks.
non-climate		300 street vendors were evicted from the Paseo Bolivar located in the center of Barranquilla, under the program of recovery of public space being conducted by the district mayor
non-climate		Students, workers and parents to the University of San Martin, Caribbean headquarters are part of the protests presented Friday in Barranquilla, blocking the road between the capital of the Atlantic with the municipality of Puerto Colombia. Affected require the Minister of Education, Gina Parody, becomes present in the city of Barranquilla and informed about the situation and the solution as the doors start of the academic calendar, it is not known if they will attend this semester because in Headquarters no energy services, telephone or running water.
non-climate		The residents blocked a major intersection to protest rises in their housing assessments
non-climate		They protested poor transport in neighborhoods like the Alps, and remember Lucero in Ciudad Bolivar.
non-climate		Protesters seek approval to promote such unions, which comes up for debate on Wednesday.
non-climate		Nearly 200 people faced the Esmad during the blockade.
non-climate		About 300 people from the Clinic Mederi move at this time by Carrera 7 and Calle 29, southbound - north, to meet with the protesters who are stationed in the National Park.
non-climate		Following a protest ahead about 100 officials ETB (ETB) in the race 30 with street 60, service Transmilenio has been affected because the protesters are in the middle of the exclusive lane where they transiting the articulated.
non-climate		They staged a protest on Tuesday night by disgruntled that would be related to overcrowding and the cancellation of permits and educational outings
non-climate		They warned that will be in permanent assembly until a permanent plant employees and establish administrative courts according to workload
non-climate		Locals asked to relocate to sex workers
non-climate		Several fans bulls are present in the Plaza de La Santamaria, to rule against the mayor and his position against bullfighting in Bogotá
non-climate		The relatives of the 11 missing Palace of Justice rejected the proposal submitted by the Deputy Attorney General, Jorge Fernando Perdomo to the processes which are linked military are benefiting from a transitional justice.
non-climate		The appointment was in Long Bridge Park, in the 107 street race 55 north of Bogota. More than a hundred dogs of all races and colors were coming from the hands of its owners also carrying candles and flowers. The purpose was to develop a motion to dismiss "Prince" Creole dog killed last Sunday by motorcycle racer Juan Sebastian Toro. Incidentally, the common idea was to reclaim state actions against animal abuse.
non-climate		He also walked in the municipalities of Puerto Boyaca and Tuta.
non-climate		He also walked in the municipalities of Puerto Boyaca and Tuta.
non-climate		About 250 officials and students of the Seine in Caldas Manizales-Bogota blocked the road in protest at a decision which, according to them, "endanger the budget that the entity".
non-climate		The new lock left incommunicado Caqueta, Putumayo and Cauca.
non-climate		In Florencia, capital of Caqueta, mototaxistas clashed with security forces near the city center; and outside, on the road leading to the airport Gustavo Paredes Artunduaga.
non-climate		From nine o'clock Saturday night more than 2,000 demonstrators closed all access roads to Yopal (Casanare) protesting the lack of potable water in the capital two years ago, when the winter destroyed the aqueduct of this population.
non-climate		Peasants and indigenous populations protest against the construction of the Quimbo hydroelectric plant. 25 people are injured in protests against the construction of a hydroelectric plant in La Huila.  Groups are opposed to the plant for environmental reasons and because it will displace several thousands residents nearby.  The Association of People Affected by the Construction of the El Quimbo hydroelectric project in La Huila said that 25 people were injured in the clashes between protesters and police.
non-climate		The new lock left incommunicado Caqueta, Putumayo and Cauca.
non-climate		On Sunday a group of about 300 people faced police outside the urban area of ​​Suaza. There were attacks with acid 2 policemen, wounded 45 and 3 wheelers incinerated. There blocked pathways.
non-climate		The community is opposed because the project being conducted by Ecopetrol in that sector, they say, has not been sufficiently socialized with neighbors in the area, including roads and contingency plans.
non-climate		A part of the neighborhood community Two Thousand not want the change EAAV pipeline aqueduct.
non-climate		They ask surrogates improving working conditions to keep children in their care.
non-climate		The demonstrations today echoed elsewhere in the department, where more than 2,000 laborers Convention, San Calixto, Teorama and El Carmen joined the protests and blocked the road connecting the Atlantic Coast Ocaña
non-climate		People tried to take the airport and the army shot with firearms, "said the spokesman of the peasants, who claimed that in addition to the two dead, there are about eight wounded.
non-climate		Police say demonstrators are throwing stones and explosive devices.
non-climate		Over 150 people protested today outside Multi facilities in downtown Pereira, the settlement must meet the company after the local administration argued that it was not financially viable. The most affected were the tenth-way race between 17th and 18th streets, and the seventh race with 18th and 19th streets, near City Hall.
non-climate		Again, students from the Technological University of Pereira (UTP) main streets of the capital of Risaralda were taken to demand the resignation of Luis Enrique Arango Jiménez.
non-climate		Drivers blocked access to neighborhoods where controls against informal performed.
non-climate		Bellavista neighborhood residents and some of its neighbors on Tuesday blocked the corridor and demanded a real solution for continuous water supply.
non-climate		According to information from the Municipal Transit, another mobilization broke after 10 am from the University Hospital of Valle.En the case of the main medical center in southwestern Colombia, officials demonstrate against what they consider a lack of government attention to the crisis sector.
non-climate		We do not want this to go unpunished, said the relatives of two women who were attacked last Sunday. The demonstration turned against the Hospital Universitario del Valle
non-climate		Twenty students agreed on the eighth floor of the Palace of San Francisco in search of an answer to its request for teachers
non-climate		Twenty students agreed on the eighth floor of the Palace of San Francisco in search of an answer to its request for teachers
non-climate		Affected by FARC encampment made orders amid reconciliation
non-climate		Affected by FARC encampment made orders amid reconciliation
non-climate		Drivers were to promise to curb operating carts old collective system. At 5:00 am Sunday, drivers Integrated Mass Transportation Group (IWG) came to claim wages in access to the company in the Valle del Lili. The protest, which lasted two hours, and secondary lines affected feeder routes.
non-climate		The mobilization called for solutions to return to normal classes are realized. Monday's march, which started down the street from the race 5 to 34, in the south of the city, looking for solutions that ads are activated at the University San Martin. .. Young people argue that effective actions of the Ministry of Education to return governance to the university and implement academic and labor activities are required.
non-climate		Students block road for lack of teachers. In Cali, students blocked via the Seine in the north. ... About Race 2 with street 52, in the north of Cali, about 400 students from the Seine from 7:00 am require the presence of the rector. The blockade has created a huge traffic congestion in the area, near the Municipal Transit.
non-climate		Employees of the Social Security System, or Caja, and members of the High School Teachers Association (APSE) joined a protest Tuesday morning in downtown San Jos. Caja employees protest called on officials to pay off government debts to the public institution.
non-climate		The operating room employees of the Hospital Mexico stopped work in protest  over the elimination of a fourth shift due to budget cuts.  They say this will jeopardize health of citizens. They also are complaing about how they are treated by head operating room nurse and doctor.
non-climate		About 20 people were injured in clashes Wednesday night August 28 near the ingenuity EQ2 located in La Troncal (Cañar) among company workers who remain on strike and police.
non-climate		Carpuela comuneros, in Valle del Chota, blocked yesterday for several hours, the Panamericana north linking with Tulcn Ibarra.
non-climate		The people of the neighborhood Rumipamba Rose Canton Salcedo arrived yesterday at 09:30 to the building of the Prosecutor of Cotopaxi. They demanded justice and that the suspect of an alleged violation, arrested the afternoon of Sunday, do not leave free
non-climate		About 300 people protested in the streets of San Lorenzo to demand greater agility in judicial processes and intensify security for the entire population.
non-climate		For about three hours, a strike affected revenues Taura. Residents demanded asphalted.
non-climate		Protests by pipeline reach areas marginalesUna twenty cooperative neighbors Paradise Flower (block four of flower Bastion), together with some residents of the road to the coast, he protested yesterday placement Petroecuador pipeline near their homes in the northwest. Elvira Alvarado, who lives with her two daughters, 50 meters from the network to be buried, said he never imagined that serve to transport liquefied petroleum gas pipeline near the Tres Bocas-leading fuel Pascuales. "In winter there is a part that almost looks (the pipeline), ie Nomás soft earth and take it to the water," said the resident, saying the hills where the route will pass, surrounded by dozens of humble homes. His daughter, Gina Montoya, said that only during the last week learned of the installation, but is concerned that it is very common around burning trash, which was evident by the remains of charred brush a few meters. "You can cause a fire, there are many children playing around here," anotó.Lucía Mora, who lives 10 meters from where the pipeline is observed today, complained that the workers of the contractor arrived a few weeks ago to put pipes and were not informed of his true end, it would be to transport drinking water. Another inhabitant, Elva Tufiño said the press knew which sectors will pass through the track and Soraya de Espinoza, who arrived from the road to the coast that neighborhood northwest are, he said that the protest is for life and not of a particular group; "Is the struggle we have in common is heard because there are four that are scouring pelucones" she said Ronald Diaz said while agreeing with the project, but not the pipeline passes through populated areas. The pipe comes from the Monteverde terminal (on the peninsula of Santa Elena) and goes to the terminal storage and distribution of fuel in El Chorrillo, which builds on a sector Petroecuador Pascuales.Hoy at 09:00, it is expected to process hearing in one of the rooms of No. 3 of the Family, Women, Children and Adolescents Judicial Unit, to deal with the request for precautionary measures.
non-climate		Dozens of neighbors, friends and relatives of the five dead children gathered outside the house they lived in small, located in the mz. 179 in the cooperative floor and ceiling, Floresta II.
non-climate		With signs in hand, 200 people requesting the construction of a flyover, the location of traffic lights and building a rompevelocidades.
non-climate		A group of 30 parents protest since 0930, in the VA. Mariscal Sucre, in the area of San Carlos, in the north. They claim the alleged separation of children from school tax Joint National Housing Board.
non-climate		On Friday at 20:00 the neighbors closed the road. With four wheels, more than 150 residents blocked the road leading to the new airport in Tababela
non-climate		Venezuelan state employees living in Ecuador contributed to the campaign of Nicolas Maduro, Chavez's candidate for president of the Bolivarian country, organizing a Ciclopaseo who yesterday toured the center and north of the capital with about a hundred supporters.
non-climate		Juyayay (joy, joy) bilingual education, juyayay chanted parents and leaders of indigenous communities in El Arbolito Park in the march that made the ECUARUNARI and CONAIE to justice and educational institutions to protest the closure of schools, they said They were built with mingas in communes.
non-climate		Central Technical School students perform Quito today, from 13:30, marched to the Ministry of Education to deliver a letter on the status of the institution.
non-climate		Hundreds of Indians from the north arrived this morning to Quito to demand the government financial resources to complete the irrigation project Pesillo-Imbabura, canton Cayambe.
non-climate		Hundreds of Indians from the north arrived this morning to Quito to demand the government financial resources to complete the irrigation project Pesillo-Imbabura, canton Cayambe.
non-climate		Bolaños dwellers neighborhood, located between the Guayasamin tunnel and the toll of the Panama Canal will ask for explanations from the Monday, March 9, 2015. On the morning of Thursday March 12, 2015, they put up posters along the road that connects to Quito with the valleys of Cumbaya and Tumbaco, because about 50 families will be affected by the construction of the bridge Guayasamin, a road project that will be built next to the tunnel of the same name.
non-climate		A group of students from the educational unit Bolívar and parents complained Friday about the alleged separation of teachers and Riber Donoso as rector of the campus.
non-climate		Coffee producers remain concentrated off the premises of the Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock (MAG), located in Santa Tecla, La Libertad, to require the State portfolio canceling their debt to repopulate the park protesters have blocked cafetalero.Los three trucks the main entrance of MAG, say they will remain in place until it is received by the head of the institution and thus establish a negotiating table.
non-climate		Residents of the community of La Cruz Santa Tecla (La Libertad) require authorities to stop evictions have requested. The neighbors started a demonstration this morning in East 4th Street in the municipality, which ended an hour later, at about 7:30 am The step in the area was affected due to the demonstration, which was located near the San Rafael hospital. Residents of this community refuse to leave their homes to move to a new housing project that the mayor has promoted.
non-climate		Doctors of the Salvadoran Social Security Institute (ISSS) maintain a work stoppage in 10 centers nationwide. Among the sites affected are specialties, Atlacatl, Rome, Surgical Medical, Santa Ana, Zacatecoluca, Zacamil and Santa Tecla. The protest action is due to the breach of the agreements signed by the management of ISSS on the wage levels agreed in 2013, the Union of Workers (SIMETRISSS) reported.
non-climate		Route 138 that travels between San Luis Talpa, La Paz and San Salvador dawned work stoppage today, confirmed transport users and Policía.La would be implemented as the transport workers for fear of alleged threats from gang members require payment of extortion, he said the Policía.La suspension affects users of the group that have had to address as alternative transportation pick ups or walk to navigate to their destinations.
non-climate		Residents and students marched through several streets and avenues of the city to demand that he put a stop to violence and extortion. They also ask that the illegal sale of liquor is investigated.
non-climate		Residents and students marched through several streets and avenues of the city to demand that he put a stop to violence and extortion. They also ask that the illegal sale of liquor is investigated.
non-climate		Vehicular traffic problems motorists faced this morning headed for the El Salvador International Airport due to a protest that made residents and municipal employees in San Luis Talpa, La Paz.Los protesters marched toward the terminal from kilometer 37, blocking Satellite for two horas.Ellos demanded an aircraft maintenance company canceled taxes to the commune, according to police reports.
non-climate		Vehicular traffic problems motorists faced this morning headed for the El Salvador International Airport due to a protest that made residents and municipal employees in San Luis Talpa, La Paz.Los protesters marched toward the terminal from kilometer 37, blocking Satellite for two horas.Ellos demanded an aircraft maintenance company canceled taxes to the commune, according to police reports.
non-climate		They denounced the precarious health situation.
non-climate		Doctors of the Salvadoran Social Security Institute (ISSS) maintain a work stoppage in 10 centers nationwide. Among the sites affected are specialties, Atlacatl, Rome, Surgical Medical, Santa Ana, Zacatecoluca, Zacamil and Santa Tecla. The protest action is due to the breach of the agreements signed by the management of ISSS on the wage levels agreed in 2013, the Union of Workers (SIMETRISSS) reported.
non-climate		PNC said that despite the measure has not been blocked over the workers.
non-climate		A massive traffic jam of vehicles registered yesterday morning, near the South Terminal, in San Marcos, because the residents of the colony of San Marcos Gardens had closed the main entrance to the place, the purpose was not to leave enter the bus drivers of Route 26. The residents protest was because a large number of buses that route are parked on the main street and obstruct the passage of pedestrians and private vehicles.
non-climate		About 200 people, residents in the communities of San Martin and San Pedro Perulapán developed a partial blockage in the Pan American highway in front of San Martin, San Salvador, according to the National Police Civil.Durante the demonstration, participants complained of macro projects and community water system, which is affecting residents protest liquid.The shortage develops in the framework of the World Environment Day.
non-climate		One of the main roads leading to the El Salvador International Airport and the industrial area to the south was closed by inhabitants of the Aragon community, in the vicinity of the ranch Navarra.Los protesters demanded improved water service in your community, and as it lasted until about 9am. Police said people were evacuated and the road was opened for tránsito.Sin however, the action caused a traffic chaos in this way, affecting hundreds of people who moved to the airport due to scheduled trips and as workers at companies south of the capital.
non-climate		A group of street vendors blocked the Independence Avenue, near the Flower Clock, to protest against the works of SITRAMSS. Traders argue that the diversion of routes of buses and minibuses Alameda Juan Pablo II has hurt them in sales. The protest caused traffic jams around. This coupled with the work running the MOP in major arteries of the capital. The area has gone the Order Maintenance Unit (UMO) to restore the passage of vehicles. Marketers have searched the streets where they have been diverted public transport in search of customers.
non-climate		Members of the Union of Workers of the Ministry of Labor (SITRAMITPS) have reduced work the morning of Wednesday, at least at the headquarters of state dependency, located in downtown San Salvador government. Some users who came very early to do their transactions have been affected with the reduction of duties. The workers are demanding that their rights are respected work.
non-climate		Yesterday there was a meeting between members of the security committee of the FESFUT to discuss the ban on fans entering stadiums with musical instruments and blankets. But there was no agreement to rescind the measure. It will, then, until tomorrow when leaders of the security committee of the FESFUT sports venues, bars and links batons coordinators make decisions about this ban, which weighs for fans from the date 7 of the Clausura 2014. Now some bars decided not to enter the stadium in protest at the ban on entering with musical instruments and blankets to the sports venues. That decision of the fans has affected the revenues of the teams in the last days. Peñate as commission stressed that only want to provide security for fans in different stadiums in the country.
non-climate		Motorists and pedestrians that circulated in the area of ​​flower clock on the Alameda Juan Pablo II, met, yesterday, blocking the pathway by vendors protesting the Integrated Transport System in the Metropolitan Area of ​​San Salvador (Sitramss ). The protest began at 7:30 am and traffic was stalled because the step was nil. Even some users of public transport of passengers got off the units to move, there were people who were walking difficult by the heavy burden they carried on their shoulders.
non-climate		The mayor of San Salvador today lodged a complaint with the Attorney General's Office against trade unionists who remain detained some 80 employees of the commune in the protest held early because they have blocked the four gates of entry and exit . The managing director of the commune, Leonidas Rivera, told elsalvador.com unionists are demanding that they approve requests that can not be met. He exemplified the union demanded that the municipality permanently hire workers who were hired on casual for some projects. Also they ask for improvements in the delivery of the Christmas basket, which also can access.
non-climate		As happened in recent friendlies, yesterday's match was played between the Alliance protest of a group of disgruntled by the decision of the board to ban the entry of musical instruments, banners and other objects to the stadium people. This time the discontent rose up after the 3-0 defeat of the Eagle at the start of the Apertura 2014 tournament and finished in a pitched battle near the Stadium Jorge "Magico" Gonzalez, where the capital equipment moved classic National 206.
non-climate		Simeduco said that if they do not get response from the authorities, classes in public schools, nationwide, could conclude in late September
non-climate		Simeduco said that if they do not get response from the authorities, classes in public schools, nationwide, could conclude in late September
